a pair of dogs playing with a purple ball . 	two dogs play with purple football . 	4.40
a bird lands in the water . 	a boat floats in the water . 	0.60
three children stand on or near a fence . 	the three children are standing on and by a fence . 	4.60
a black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth . 	a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth . 	4.80
a girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing 	a young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing . 	0.40
a brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant 	a group of people walking on the side of a railroad track . 	0.00
the brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool . 	a brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool . 	4.60
two gray dogs run together over the green grass . 	two gray dogs running in green grass . 	4.60
a boy in a red sled is riding down the hill . 	a multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass . 	0.00
two dogs play in the grass . 	two dogs playing in the snow . 	2.80
a black and brown dog runs through the woods . 	a dog running through the woods . 	4.00
the two dogs are running on the grass . 	two dogs are playing in the grass . 	4.40
two dogs are running in a grassy field 	two dogs running through a grassy field . 	5.00
the couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs . 	the boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park . 	0.00
three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack . 	three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the union jack . 	4.80
a young girl holds up a peace sign . 	a little girl holds onto a pole on a city street . 	0.60
a man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water . 	man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water . 	0.60
a man crouching and holding a camera . 	the crouching man is holding a large camera . 	4.60
man riding a bicycle down a narrow path . 	a man riding a unicycle down a paved road 	2.60
a man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow . 	a man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table . 	0.60
a dog swims through the water . 	a dog wearing a cape is running through the snow . 	1.40
german shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch 	a dog jumps through a hoop . 	3.20
a dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy . 	a black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy . 	4.00
a young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum . 	a baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum . 	2.40
a brown dog laying on a blue cover . 	a person is diving into clear blue water . 	0.00
the two boys play in the field . 	the two people have their heads covered with scarves . 	0.00
the brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth . 	four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them . 	1.80
a group of people standing in the street 	a woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street . 	2.60
a dog runs on brown grass . 	a wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball . 	2.20
the two dogs are running through the grass . 	three dogs run in the snow . 	2.20
the man and two young boys jump on a trampoline . 	a man and two boys jump on a trampoline . 	4.60
a man eating an apple , sitting in public . 	a man sits in a public place eating an apple . 	5.00
a boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed . 	a boy with a broken arm is sleeping . 	4.00
boy doing tricks on a skateboard 	a boy does a trick on a skateboard . 	4.80
two young girls hug each other in the grass . 	two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground 	4.60
two white dogs are walking through deep white snow . 	two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow . 	4.60
four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach . 	four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach . 	4.80
a bird flies across the water . 	a bird flies above the water . 	4.80
a dog is running through a pond 	a pale dog is running along a dirt path . 	1.40
three dogs playing in the snow . 	three dogs are playing in the water . 	2.60
a little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose . 	a little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter . 	1.20
a man and a woman watch two dogs . 	a man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake . 	0.40
a man sits by a dock looking at the water . 	a man jumps off a rock into the water 	1.33
a young girl going down a tube slide . 	a young girl swinging off a tire swing 	1.80
many people are in the bicycle racing , including one man in a three-wheeled bike . 	a man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair . 	2.60
a group of people are wearing bunny ears . 	a group of people ride in a race 	0.80
a dog in a `` superman '' shirt sleeps on a blanket . 	a brown dog in a superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket . 	4.00
a brown and white dog is running through the snow . 	a brown and white dog is running on the grass . 	2.40
the white and brown dog runs across the grass . 	a brown and white dog runs across the grass . 	4.80
a man and a woman are standing in front of a building 	two girls are sitting on an atv on the sand in front of a bridge . 	0.40
a brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard . 	a dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer . 	3.80
a young girl with glasses sits and holds two american flags . 	a girl in glasses is looking over two american flags near a wooded area . 	2.60
a small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole . 	a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole 	3.00
two dogs are running through a grassy area . 	two dogs running through a grassy field . 	4.80
kids playing ball in the park . 	two dogs playing by the shore . 	0.60
a man is swinging on a rope above the water . 	a man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night . 	1.60
a man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road . 	a man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign . 	0.20
two asian men and asian woman sit in black massage chairs . 	two asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs . 	4.60
a black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence . 	a black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle . 	2.20
the group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain . 	several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain . 	4.80
a girl playing is a pile of colorful balls . 	a little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls . 	5.00
an older man is standing outside in front of a truck . 	a woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event . 	0.00
smiling man with reflective classes . 	a gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses . 	4.60
five people standing on a sidewalk 	five people on a sidewalk . 	4.80
two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk . 	a woman , a little boy , and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue . 	1.20
the white dog runs across the snow . 	a white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow . 	1.40
a young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow . 	two dogs are playing in the snow . 	1.20
three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people . 	a man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people . 	0.60
a man picking up a big rock . 	a woman picking up a large rock . 	2.40
a white and brown dog is running over grass . 	a brown and white dog is running across the grass . 	4.60
the dog is running through a field . 	a dog runs through a field . 	4.80
a black and white dog is jumping into the water . 	a white dog runs across the water . 	2.80
man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk . 	a woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park . 	0.00
a man wearing a t-shirt that says `` gigolo '' stands at the counter talking to someone . 	a man wearing a shirt that says `` gigolo '' is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera . 	3.40
a tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest . 	a white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth . 	0.00
two large dogs running in some grass . 	two brindle dogs running in the grass . 	4.20
a dog swimming with a stick in it 's mouth . 	a dog running with a stick in it 's mouth . 	2.60
a woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand . 	a man who is resting his head on his hand . 	2.20
a young boy jumping into a lake . 	the boy is jumping into a lake . 	4.60
a man playing fetch with two brown dogs . 	a woman plays with a brown dog . 	2.33
a tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path . 	a large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods . 	2.00
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it 's mouth . 	a dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth . 	3.60
a man is standing in water near a waterfall . 	a man wades in the water and watches a water fall . 	3.40
a black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean . 	a dog is running along the beach beside the ocean . 	2.60
a man and a woman on a bench . 	a man and woman sit on a park bench . 	3.60
a tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball . 	a red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth . 	3.00
the man is jumping into the water . 	the man is up in the air . 	2.40
a woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand . 	a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck . 	2.40
a child is jumping into a swimming pool . 	a dog jumping into a swimming pool . 	1.20
a little boy jumping from one chair to another . 	a young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house 	4.80
a girl swings her long , wet hair in a lake . 	a person riding a dirt bike . 	0.00
two dogs playing by the shore . 	two dogs playing in the snow . 	2.80
a little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background . 	a man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background 	0.00
a brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps . 	a black and white dog frolics in the snow . 	2.60
the brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet . 	a brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field . 	0.80
two women sitting on a bench , their faces obscured , with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a disney snow white costume . 	a girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit . 	2.20
a guy and two girls are smiling at the camera . 	three dogs , one white and two brown , are running together on a field of grass . 	0.00
a dog swimming with a stick in it 's mouth . 	dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth . 	5.00
a black poodle plays in the snow . 	a black poodle frolics in the snow . 	5.00
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer 	two girls holding sacks are standing in a field . 	1.40
three boys are running on the beach playing a game . 	two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them . 	3.20
a girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt . 	a group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts . 	1.60
two dogs fighting in the snow . 	two dogs standing in the snow . 	2.40
the man and two young boys jump on a trampoline . 	a man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline . 	4.80
a man wearing a gray jacket standing on the side of a street . 	a boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat . 	0.60
a brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball . 	a brown and black dog jumps for a red ball . 	5.00
the tan dog runs through the leaves . 	the white dog runs through the ocean . 	1.80
a white and black dog is jumping into a pool . 	a woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror . 	0.00
a black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth . 	the black and white dog has a stick in his paws . 	3.00
a deer jumps a fence . 	a deer jumping over a fence . 	5.00
a little girl holds a wooden stick . 	a little girl swimming in a pool . 	2.20
a black dog jumps through the water . 	a dog walks through the snow . 	2.40
a group of people in front of a red fire truck . 	a group of people are standing around a red fire truck . 	4.20
a boy jumps into the blue pool water . 	the young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly . 	3.40
a blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow . 	a little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair . 	0.00
three children and playing and laughing on the floor . 	three children playing on the floor . 	3.80
a man sits with fishing poles near a body of water . 	a man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole . 	3.40
a woman and a dog standing in the grass . 	a man carries a sign while standing in the rain . 	0.00
a man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field . 	a man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse . 	1.00
a woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch . 	the man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd . 	0.00
a black dog running through water . 	a black dog is running through some water . 	4.80
children jumping on a trampoline . 	a man is sledding on an orange slide . 	0.00
a large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field . 	a brown dog is running in a field . 	3.00
a man practicing boxing 	a man practices boxing 	5.00
a dog runs through the grass . 	a dog runs through the snow . 	2.20
the girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier . 	the girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings . 	0.40
a skier speeds through the snow . 	a brown dog carrying a frisbee runs through the snow . 	0.20
two people are playing golf on a golf course . 	two people are on a golf course playing golf . 	5.00
a boy and a girl playing on the beach . 	a dog playing in the waves with a ball . 	0.80
a dog running across the snow with a snowball in it 's mouth . 	a tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth . 	2.40
the child in the red coat laid in the red mat . 	the toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment . 	0.80
two dogs play in the grass . 	two dogs are playing in the grass . 	5.00
a group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water . 	a group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats . 	3.20
a child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball . 	a young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball . 	4.00
a softball player swinging at a pitch . 	a baseball player hitting the ball 	2.80
a black dog is running after a white dog in the snow . 	black dog chasing brown dog through snow 	1.80
a man is kite surfing away from the camera . 	a man is sky surfing on the water . 	2.80
a small boy is building with some wooden blocks . 	a small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks . 	4.00
a black dog is running in the grass . 	a boy running through green grass . 	1.00
a little boy and a little girl playing together outside . 	a young boy and a young girl walking towards each other 	2.00
two people sit on the end of a dock . 	two people sitting on a dock . 	4.20
two dogs in a yard . 	two dogs in a stream . 	2.00
a man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area . 	a man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course . 	2.20
the large brown and white dog is running through the snow . 	st. bernard dog running in the snowy field . 	4.00
a small white dog running across a lawn . 	a small white dog running 	3.20
the white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass . 	the big white dog is running in the grass . 	3.40
a bloody man and woman pose for a picture . 	a man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture . 	2.00
a man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash . 	a man , woman and dog walk down a paved road . 	4.00
a yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers . 	a girl is playing on a swing . 	0.40
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool . 	a boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool . 	4.60
two big brown dogs running through the snow . 	a brown dog running through the grass . 	2.00
a young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms . 	a dog jumps into a backyard pool . 	1.20
a girl holds up a yellow balloon animal . 	a child holds a yellow balloon . 	4.00
two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation . 	two snowboarders are in the air over the snow . 	0.17
a black dog is running in the grass . 	the black dog is running through the grass . 	4.80
a blond haired lady in white poses for the camera . 	a black and white dog runs with its mouth open . 	0.00
a dog runs through a field chasing a ball . 	a child runs through the grass . 	0.20
two girls are sitting in front of a statue . 	two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue 	3.80
a young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar . 	a young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar . 	4.00
a girl in orange lights a candle . 	a girl in an orange shirt lights candles . 	4.00
a white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers . 	a dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter . 	1.60
an infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy . 	a boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler . 	2.20
a dog shaking off water . 	a dog shaking water off . 	5.00
young boys running along the pavement . 	a black dog running along the edge of the ocean . 	0.50
a young child slides down an orange slide . 	a little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide . 	3.67
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles 	black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs . 	1.60
three individuals are posing on skis behind a `` no skiing '' sign . 	three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign . 	4.40
a man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper . 	a man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper . 	4.60
a black and white dog swimming in clear water . 	a small black and white dog is swimming in water . 	4.20
two racing dogs run in the mud . 	the man is going into the water . 	0.00
a young boy jumping into a pool that says `` no diving '' . 	a boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch . 	3.20
a black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow . 	a black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow . 	5.00
black and white dog running through water . 	a black and white dog is running through grass . 	2.60
a dog is running toward the camera . 	a brown and white dog running on grass . 	0.80
three dogs running in the dirt . 	the yellow dog is running on the dirt road . 	1.40
a boy swinging on a swing . 	the girl is on a swing . 	2.40
a group of youngsters swim in lake water 	many children are playing and swimming in the water . 	4.40
a blue and white soccer team playing against each other . 	a topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud . 	0.00
two dogs running in the snow 	a dog laying in the snow . 	2.20
a golden dog is running through the snow . 	a pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town . 	1.40
a brown dog about to catch a green frisbee . 	a brown dog waits for the frisbee to come down before catching it . 	3.80
a skateboarder on a city street . 	a skateboarder in the air at a big , outdoor ramp . 	2.60
four children on stools in a diner . 	four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and gray bar . 	3.60
boy and white dog running in grassy field 	a boy and a dog running on grass 	4.40
a black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake . 	a black dog runs fast into shallow water . 	2.20
two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field . 	two white dogs are running together . 	2.20
two boys playing a game of flag football . 	two boys are playing flag football . 	5.00
the brown and black dog sprints across the snow . 	a black dog is running quickly along the ground . 	2.80
the man in the backpack looks to his left . 	an adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left . 	3.80
an elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art . 	a black man is walking next to a building in a big city . 	0.00
two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water . 	two dogs are shaking water off . 	0.40
the black and white dog has its mouth wide open . 	a black and white dog jumps in the snow . 	1.80
a small dog runs through an obstacle course . 	a small dog jumping over an obstacle . 	3.80
a girl bounces in a bounce house . 	a girl dances like a man in costume 	1.20
a brown dog running through the woods . 	a brown dog runs through the grass . 	3.20
a group of people are standing by a window watching something . 	a group of people stand and wait to see something . 	3.40
a dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition . 	a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence . 	4.40
three people racing on ice skates . 	three ice skaters round a corner . 	3.20
one white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other . 	two young boys , one white and one black , are standing with their arms around each other . 	4.80
two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show . 	two women walk there dogs at a dog show . 	4.80
two men on the side of a barge 	a man is lying the grass with long hair and beard . 	0.00
a brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs . 	the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth . 	1.80
a brown dog in running on grass . 	a brown dog runs through the grass . 	4.80
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river 	a black dog with a red collar wading through the water . 	4.00
a person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods . 	a small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides . 	0.40
a woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck . 	a girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background . 	3.60
girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet . 	a child is playing with two white and black geese . 	0.60
two people are walking by the ocean . 	two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera . 	0.40
two little girls in pink are dancing . 	two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront . 	0.00
two children splashing in the water . 	two dolphins jumping into the water . 	1.40
a dog is on the beach near a ball . 	a guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court . 	0.60
a dog bounds across the brown grass . 	two dogs bound across the grass . 	2.60
a woman playing with two young boys at a park 	a woman and three kids play at a park . 	3.20
a dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth . 	a dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth . 	2.40
three dogs playing in the snow . 	the boy is playing in the sand . 	0.80
a woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen . 	a man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed . 	0.40
two people walking along the shore at sunset . 	two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people . 	3.00
a man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience . 	a women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree . 	0.20
three children playing on a floor with toys . 	three children sitting in floor playing with several toys . 	4.20
a dog carries a leash in its mouth . 	a fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth . 	4.20
a man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away . 	a man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street . 	0.00
a black dog is running through the snow . 	the black and brown dog is running through the snow . 	4.00
a woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel . 	a woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court . 	1.40
a skier is falling into the snow . 	a skier is falling face first into the snow . 	4.00
a dog with a red toy in it 's mouth . 	a brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth . 	2.20
two hockey players fighting on the ice . 	two hockey players in a struggle on the ice . 	4.80
three people stand in an outdoor glass structure . 	a girl stands high on an obstacle course platform . 	0.40
two terriers play on the wood floor of their home . 	two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field . 	1.60
a group of people are at a convention waving american flags . 	a crowd of people at an outdoor event 	2.40
two dogs running through a field . 	two dogs play in a field . 	4.20
a man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle 	a man and a woman standing on a city street . 	0.40
the two dogs are playing in the yard . 	two dogs are playing on the grass . 	4.60
a boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs 	a skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house . 	2.80
a white dog is running through the water at a beach 	a white dog is running through the water onto the shore . 	4.60
a man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car . 	a man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation . 	4.60
a dog leaping over a hurdle . 	a dog leaps over the hurdle . 	4.80
two men are setting up some electronic equpitment 	two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow . 	0.00
a black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it 's mouth . 	a boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground . 	0.00
a man and woman blow bubbles . 	a man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles . 	4.20
a girl runs with dogs in a dry field . 	a gray dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field . 	2.20
two dogs playing in the snow . 	two black dogs in the snow . 	4.00
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe . 	a skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp . 	3.20
a dog leaps off a dock and into the water . 	the black dog leaps off the dock and into the water . 	4.00
a group of old men walking down the street 	a couple walking down the street . 	2.00
three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence . 	three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore . 	2.20
a black and white dog is running through the field . 	a black and white dog is running in the grass . 	4.80
a boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field . 	a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city . 	0.40
an elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street . 	an elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street . 	2.00
a young boy is punching a yellow ball . 	a small dog jumps over a yellow beam . 	0.40
a group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio . 	a group of young ladies in bikinis . 	1.40
a young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain . 	a woman is getting her hair done at a salon . 	0.00
a woman and a man are amused by headphones . 	a man and a woman resting after exercise . 	1.20
two girls walking in the ocean . 	two girls walking in the street 	1.80
the # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track . 	a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track 	4.00
a man and a dog are playing tug of war . 	a man dances on a colorful wall . 	0.40
a wet child shivers under a towel at a pool . 	a wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool . 	4.60
a white dog runs on a beach . 	the white dog is running along the beach . 	5.00
six dogs running on the sandy beach . 	six dogs walking beside the beach . 	3.40
a man holds on to a handle in the water . 	a man is holding onto handles in the air . 	3.20
four children are playing on a trampoline . 	four kids are jumping on a trampoline . 	4.60
a white dog walking in the snow . 	a black and tan dog walking through the snow . 	3.00
the white and brown dog runs across the grass . 	three dogs are running on the grass . 	3.20
a boy goes down an inflatable slide . 	a boy in red slides down an inflatable ride . 	3.80
two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle . 	two dogs stand in a puddle , and one has a yellow tennis ball . 	3.80
three dogs are playing in the water . 	three dogs run in the snow . 	1.40
two dogs playing in the snow . 	two kids playing with a dog . 	1.20
a girl does a back bend on the beach . 	a girl doing a back bend at the beach . 	4.80
boat sails in rough water . 	a man is kayaking in rough waters . 	2.60
the two dogs are playing fetch in the snow . 	two dogs are playing together in the grass . 	2.20
a black and tan dog standing in a field near trees 	a white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry . 	1.80
two surfers on riding a small wave . 	two surfers perform tricks in the waves . 	3.60
two people walking on the beach at sunset . 	two people walking along the shore at sunset . 	5.00
three dogs are playing in the white snow . 	two dogs are playing in the grass . 	1.60
two puppies playing around in the grass 	two dogs are wrestling in the grass . 	4.00
a young girl is sitting on santa 's lap . 	a little girl is sitting on santa 's lap 	4.80
a black and white dog runs with its mouth open . 	a black and white dog swims in blue water . 	2.20
a black dog running into the water . 	a black dog running through water . 	4.60
a young boy jumping in the air at the beach . 	a boy jumping in the air on the beach . 	4.80
five men in tuxedos are walking down steps . 	five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps 	5.00
man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball . 	a black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball . 	0.00
a man and dog on a rocky seashore . 	man and dog standing on rocks next to water 	4.80
brown dog splashing into the water . 	four dogs splashing in the water 	2.40
the smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed . 	a girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash . 	1.00
a dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it 's mouth . 	a puppy with big ears chewing on a stick . 	3.80
the large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass . 	the girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center . 	0.00
two dogs fighting in the snow . 	two dogs playing in the snow . 	2.60
a brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt . 	there are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball . 	2.80
a gray hound is active in a grassy field . 	a bunch of bikes racing on a track . 	0.00
two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud . 	the dog carrying a long stick in its mouth . 	0.00
a man in red swim trunks playing volleyball . 	a man and woman sitting on a motorcycle . 	0.00
a man and woman walking past a record shop 	a man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people . 	0.20
the man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain . 	a person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain . 	2.40
two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels 	two children lying in the snow making snow angels 	3.80
a little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain . 	a young girl standing in front of a fountain 	4.00
a man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick . 	a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign 	0.00
a man plays his white guitar . 	a man playing a white guitar and singing as well 	3.20
a person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains . 	a brown dog is playing with a ball in the water . 	0.00
two shirtless young people playing in the water . 	lots of people play in the water at the beach . 	2.40
close-up of a hummingbird . 	a closeup of a hummingbird flying . 	3.60
two dogs play in the grass . 	two tan dogs play in the snow . 	2.60
woman in a black dress walking on the street . 	a woman watches a dog jump down the stairs . 	0.80
three children wrestle on a floral carpet . 	three children playing on the floor . 	3.80
a boy in red jumping into a sandbox . 	a dog swimming in a pond 	0.00
a man and a woman looking at the camera . 	a man and a woman laughing . 	2.33
a dog jumps into the water . 	a dog is jumping into the water . 	5.00
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass 	the large brown dog is running outside in the dirt . 	3.60
three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow . 	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike , through the snow . 	5.00
a boy riding on a swing . 	a young boy riding in a swing . 	4.80
a black dog running through the snow . 	a black dog runs through the water . 	2.40
a baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll . 	a man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers . 	0.00
three children playing with hay outdoors , throwing some at camera lens . 	three young children play in the hay , throwing some at the camera . 	4.80
a black dog walking beside a pool . 	a black dog is walking along the side of a pool . 	5.00
a climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope . 	the children are running in the snow with fences in the background . 	0.00
the man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling . 	a man is lifting a little girl above his head . 	0.00
a black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire . 	the black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off . 	1.80
a wet , blond dog carries a stick on the shore . 	the wet , brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water . 	3.60
a man and a woman are riding bikes on a street . 	a man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city . 	3.60
a man and a dog on rocks on a beach . 	a man and dog on a rocky seashore . 	4.60
two dogs are playing around in the dirt . 	a dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress . 	0.00
large group of people standing outside of a building . 	a group of people are ice skating in a big city . 	2.00
a golden dog is running on the grass . 	the large beige dog is running through the grass . 	3.40
a dog runs through the grass . 	a dog runs across the grass . 	4.80
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick . 	a man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them . 	3.40
man rowing a boat . 	a man doing a trick on skateboard 	0.00
three dogs running on a racetrack . 	three dogs round a bend at a racetrack . 	4.80
a black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building . 	an older man stands outside a old boarded up building . 	0.80
a dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck . 	a dog jumping into a swimming pool . 	3.40
a dog running through a forest in the winter time 	a dog running through a lot of twigs . 	3.20
the girl is playing along with the images on the big screen . 	three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera . 	0.40
many people run in a race on a street . 	a puppy running along a street . 	1.00
two dogs in the snow 	two dogs play in the grass . 	2.40
a man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks . 	a man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall . 	1.00
two white dogs walking in the snow . 	a tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow . 	2.00
a woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides . 	a man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side . 	2.40
a dog runs through the grass . 	two dogs run through the brush . 	2.80
three dogs playing in the snow . 	three dogs run in the snow . 	4.20
a dog running across the sand 	a dog running through the water . 	2.80
the boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball . 	the black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass . 	0.20
a woman is attempting to ride a small wave . 	a man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun . 	0.00
the black and white dog is swimming in the river . 	a black man and his dog on the beach . 	0.60
man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean . 	a man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean . 	4.60
a girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing . 	a woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave . 	4.40
the woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course . 	woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course . 	4.60
several people are sitting around a fire at night . 	a group of people sit around a blazing fire at night . 	4.20
two dogs are running in the field . 	two dogs running in a field . 	5.00
two people are in bed . 	two boxers are in the ring . 	0.00
two dogs on the beach . 	a dog walks on the beach . 	2.40
a young boy is standing on a gray tiled area . 	a young boy is practicing his karate in a gym . 	1.00
two dogs fighting in the snow . 	two dogs play in the snow . 	3.20
a group of people are in the water . 	a group of people ride in a race 	0.60
the dog is running with food in his mouth . 	the dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth . 	2.20
two dogs running down a beach . 	two dogs running on the beach 	4.80
a black and white dog swimming in the pool 	a black and white dog running with something in his mouth . 	2.00
two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks . 	two dogs running down a path in the woods . 	1.60
a dog has it 's head inside a red and green gift bag . 	a pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag . 	3.80
a yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask . 	a man in a yellow shirt wears a gold , sun-shaped mask . 	5.00
a man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support . 	a young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board . 	0.40
a child with his hands on his head . 	a little boy stands with his hands on top of his head 	4.20
a man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water . 	a man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand . 	1.80
a black dog lays in the sand . 	kids play in the water 	0.00
a light brown dog runs down a path happily . 	a pale dog runs down a path . 	3.40
an old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace . 	the baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza . 	1.20
a man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall . 	a woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall . 	1.40
a man helps a boy ride a bike . 	the man helps the boy ride a bike . 	4.80
a red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree . 	a man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses . 	0.00
a man climbing a cliff face . 	a man climbs a sheer cliff face . 	4.80
the two dogs are playing fetch in the snow . 	the dogs play in the snow . 	4.00
two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing . 	two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside . 	0.60
a white and brown dog playing with a black toy . 	a white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war . 	3.40
two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow . 	a brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball . 	2.00
two dogs are playing on the beach together . 	two black dogs are playing in a grass . 	3.00
a boy plays baseball . 	a man is playing baseball . 	3.00
a black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle . 	a white dog running over a bridge . 	2.00
a boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog . 	a sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands . 	0.00
a black dog retrieves in the snow . 	a skateboarder jumping in the street . 	0.00
a smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo . 	a smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red . 	3.20
two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water . 	lady in a pink tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water . 	0.20
a dog jumping for a frisbee in the snow . 	a dog is jumping in the snow . 	3.20
a man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path . 	two dogs running along dirt path . 	1.60
a brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow . 	the dog with the red collar is bearing it 's teeth at the dog with the blue collar . 	3.40
two brown dogs runs through the water . 	two brown dogs running through water . 	4.60
a seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop . 	a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop 	4.40
a black and white dog is running through the grass . 	the black and white dog is running on the grass . 	4.80
two brown dogs are biting each other . 	two brown dogs biting each other on sand . 	4.20
a skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall . 	a boy does skateboard tricks on a railing . 	4.00
a young girl doing a back flip in the water . 	a young girl wearing purple running through water 	2.80
a snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps . 	a boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall . 	0.80
a black dog is jumping out of water . 	a black dog is shaking off water . 	3.00
a woman with two men in hats socializing outside . 	a young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a domino 's pizza . 	1.40
a small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair . 	a boy in a robe sits in a chair . 	4.20
a black dog is running through the snow . 	a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt . 	2.20
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor . 	a group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor . 	3.40
a woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture . 	a man stands in a crowd holding a white object . 	0.40
a young boy is riding a bike . 	a young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy 	0.40
a black dog running in the snow . 	a black dog running on a beach . 	1.80
three dogs in the snow by a fence . 	two dogs drink water in a lake . 	1.00
a girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs . 	a little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down . 	0.20
a man climbing a rock-face . 	a man is climbing a rock wall . 	4.60
a teenage girl running on a beach shouting , with an older man walking behind her . 	a young child running along the shore at a beach 	1.80
woman playing tennis and hitting the ball . 	a woman is playing volley ball . 	2.00
a young boy with his hair standing up , is sliding down a blue slide 	the kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide . 	2.60
many people are on the beach , near a building with flags flying . 	a busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky . 	2.40
a dog standing in the water . 	a girl playing on a parachute . 	0.40
a brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard . 	a blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field . 	0.00
man riding a surfboard on a wave . 	a man in black on a surfboard riding a wave . 	4.00
a surfer is riding on a breaking wave . 	a group of surfers catching a wave 	2.60
the man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain . 	a man is climbing the side of a mountain . 	4.20
black and white dog running through water . 	a tan and white dog runs through water . 	3.00
a man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform . 	a white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track . 	1.40
three clowns in bright , multi-colored costumes . 	three women in brightly colored dresses . 	2.00
a black dog swimming through a river . 	a black dog digging through the snow . 	1.20
two beige dogs play in the grass . 	two tan dogs play in the grass 	4.60
two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees . 	two dogs are running through a green yard 	4.20
a man and a woman are smiling . 	a man and a woman laughing . 	3.20
a man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set . 	a man standing in the mountains watching a sunset . 	4.80
two little girls are playing on a trampoline . 	two little boys are playing on a playground . 	1.40
two girls are jumping high in the air . 	two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake . 	0.20
the woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette . 	a woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette 	4.80
a dog is running along the grass . 	a brown dog is running in the grass . 	4.20
a man with long hair is looking through a camera . 	a woman stands against a wall near a video camera . 	1.00
a dog and a red ball in the air . 	a dog digs a hole in a yard . 	1.00
a brown and white dog is running across a brown field . 	a person hanging from a rocky cliff . 	0.00
brown dog running on grass . 	the dog is running on grass . 	4.00
a dog jogs through the grass . 	a dog trots through the grass . 	5.00
two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera . 	a man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face . 	0.00
a black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball . 	a brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field . 	2.20
two girls playing with people and flowers behind them . 	two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden . 	3.20
a girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair . 	a man dressed in a santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building . 	0.00
a little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite . 	a girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone . 	1.40
child sliding in the snow . 	man sleeping on the street . 	0.00
three dogs are playing in the water . 	three dogs swim in the water . 	4.20
a white dog running on sand . 	a white dog runs on the sand . 	5.00
a little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man 's back while he is laying on a blanket . 	a kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game . 	0.20
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack . 	a person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track . 	1.40
a black and white dog is running through a cow field . 	a large black and white dog runs in the ocean water 	2.20
a white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow . 	a white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow . 	4.00
a man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk . 	a man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up . 	0.60
a man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall . 	man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse . 	0.80
a dog swims in the water . 	three dogs swim in the water . 	3.20
group of little girls and a dog standing on the road . 	a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft . 	1.40
a little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth . 	a white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it 's mouth . 	4.60
a man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air . 	a man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing . 	0.00
a man in a gray suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress . 	a woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white . 	0.00
the blonde woman is wearing a black , american flag , tartan cap . 	a red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the american flag . 	2.80
a person holding a net is standing in the water . 	a black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent . 	0.60
a woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press . 	a young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture . 	0.40
a black and white dog is running through the grass . 	a tan dog is walking through snow . 	2.00
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street 	a man walks two dogs in the city . 	4.20
a brown and white dog with a pink frisbee in it 's mouth is humping over a man 's back . 	a dog with a frisbee in its mouth , jumps over a man . 	3.00
a dog is running in the snow . 	two dogs running in the dirt 	2.20
a small boy playing in the snow . 	the brown and white dog is playing in the snow . 	1.60
a harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind . 	a brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it . 	3.00
a dog and cat laying down together . 	two gray dogs are carrying a stick in the water . 	0.60
a woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table . 	a smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors . 	3.20
a family is playing on the beach with their dog . 	a naked little girl being thrown into the air . 	0.00
a white dog running in the snow 	the dogs are running in the snow . 	3.20
a dog runs through the long grass . 	a dog lays down in the long green grass . 	2.60
the black dog is running through the snow . 	a race car driver is driving his car through the mud . 	0.00
a dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow . 	a small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow . 	4.40
a group of people sitting around a desk . 	a group of girls on a beach . 	0.60
three dogs are running in a field . 	two dogs are running in a grassy field 	2.80
a man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a christmas tree . 	the man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop . 	0.40
the black and white dog has a stick in his paws . 	a black dog and a white dog are standing on snow . 	1.20
a white dog running through the snow 	the black and white dog runs through the grass . 	1.40
a man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background 	a dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background . 	0.60
a group of people are camping out on some rocks . 	a group of people are standing beside a fire truck . 	1.20
a man on a bike nest to a river . 	a man on a bike does a very high jump . 	1.20
a dog running on the grass 	two dogs are running on the grass . 	2.60
there is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool . 	a black dog is leaping into a swimming pool . 	5.00
a skier going down the snowy hill . 	a brown dog is laying in the snow . 	0.40
two dogs are running on the grass . 	two dogs running in the dirt 	3.60
a man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach . 	a guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air . 	0.60
three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket . 	three dogs playing in the snow , with a city in the background . 	3.40
many football players sitting on the ground . 	a dog rolls on the ground . 	0.00
a group of people in boats racing towards the shore . 	a group of people stand together and pose in front of a house . 	0.80
a little boy and a little girl playing together outside . 	a woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street . 	0.00
a person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person . 	a lady fastens someone 's ice skates in the snow . 	2.20
a girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline . 	a girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline . 	4.80
the surfer does a flip off of a wave . 	a surfer does a flip on a wave . 	4.80
a female dj holds up a michael jackson album . 	a girl holding a picture of michael jackson smiling 	3.00
a woman standing in front of trees and smiling . 	a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline . 	2.00
a boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool . 	a boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool . 	2.40
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles . 	three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles . 	4.20
the boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them . 	the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch . 	0.20
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow 	two dogs fighting in the snow . 	2.20
a crowd of people stand on a rural road , a field behind them , a forest in front . 	a bunch of people standing next to a car with it 's trunk open . 	0.80
boy lies on stomach in grass . 	small boy lying on his stomach on the grass . 	4.40
a black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow . 	a black dog with a red collar plays in the snow . 	3.20
a japanese swordsman jumps into the air . 	a woman is getting her dog to jump in the air . 	1.00
a bird sits in a tree . 	a bird sits in a leafless tree . 	3.80
a brown dog chews on an orange ball . 	a dog has an orange ball in its mouth . 	4.00
a white dog runs along a rocky shoreline . 	a dog jumps over a hurdle . 	0.80
a brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball . 	three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball . 	0.60
a child is walking from one picnic table to another . 	the boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park . 	3.20
a man wearing us flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway . 	a woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street . 	0.00
a group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat . 	a group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night . 	0.00
a dog in the snow . 	two dogs in snow . 	3.00
a man with long hair is looking through a camera . 	a man with sunglasses looking straight ahead . 	2.00
dalmation running along the beach . 	a dalmation runs along a beach . 	4.80
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a frisbee 	a black and white dog jumping in a yard . 	3.40
the woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing . 	a man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall . 	0.00
a dog running through snow . 	a dog runs in the snow . 	5.00
four black dogs run across the grass . 	a dog runs across the grassy field . 	2.00
a man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head . 	a man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball . 	3.60
a brown dog is walking on the grass . 	a dog chases another by a tree . 	1.20
a girl is jumping . 	a boy is rock climbing . 	0.60
a woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach . 	a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach 	4.60
a black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner . 	a black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting 	4.00
the beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline . 	a beagle walks along the calm shore . 	4.40
a young pitcher is throwing the baseball . 	a brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence . 	0.00
the black and white dog runs through the grass . 	a black and white dog is running through grass . 	5.00
two dogs run through the snow , one with a tennis ball . 	the boy is doing a stunt , through the air , on his bicycle . 	0.00
a black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it 's mouth . 	the black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it 's mouth . 	3.20
three children playing in snow . 	three children playing in hay 	2.40
a man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street . 	a policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city . 	3.00
two people ride their bikes down a dirt road . 	two people riding their bikes on a hill . 	3.40
the black and brown dog is playing in the yard . 	the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted . 	2.40
a black dog and a white dog playing in the street . 	a black dog and a white dog play in the street together . 	4.60
a large black and white dog is swimming in the water . 	a black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water . 	3.60
a little boy clowns with a colander on his head . 	a boy with a metal colander on his head . 	4.20
a brown dog is running through the field . 	a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field 	4.00
a boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand . 	a little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand . 	2.20
a person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water . 	a person is scuba diving in very clear blue water . 	3.80
this dog is jumping through the water . 	two dogs running through the water on a beach . 	2.20
two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break . 	the man is putting on his shirt near an elevator . 	0.00
a man and a woman laughing . 	a man and a woman kiss . 	1.20
a black , brown and white dog running through a field . 	a white and brown dog runs in a field . 	2.83
children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them . 	children play in a pool while adults look on . 	4.60
a dog is standing in the sand . 	a tan dog is standing in front of some plants . 	2.00
four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach . 	four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach . 	4.00
two kids splashing in the water . 	two dogs play together on the bed . 	0.00
a blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing . 	a blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing . 	4.80
the brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters . 	a white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water . 	4.60
a woman reads while on public transportation . 	a man who has fallen asleep on public transportation . 	1.60
a bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background . 	a dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash . 	1.80
a young boy riding a bike on a brick road 	a person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees . 	2.20
the young man is skateboarding at a skate park . 	a boy in a blue t shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park . 	3.80
a girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage . 	a girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left . 	4.40
a person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets . 	a person above their surfboard on the water . 	3.00
a dog jumps in midair to catch a frisbee . 	the brown dog jumps for a pink frisbee . 	4.00
a child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf . 	a girl wearing green twists something in her hands . 	0.60
the dog returns the play toy to its master . 	three dogs race in the snow together . 	1.00
two females jump off of swings . 	two girls jump out of swings . 	4.60
a woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store . 	a man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd . 	0.60
two dogs running on the shore . 	a white dog running on the beach . 	2.40
a shirtless man playing football on a lawn . 	a shirtless man catches a football 	4.40
a girl wearing green twists something in her hands . 	a young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background . 	0.80
a young girl smiling with her head upside down 	a girl poses with her head upside down . 	4.60
two women holding checkered flags near an orange car . 	two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car . 	2.80
a man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture . 	a woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape . 	0.40
a boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool . 	a man jumps while on a snowboard . 	0.80
the clowns are striking a pose for the camera . 	a child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves . 	0.60
four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool . 	four dogs playing in the snow . 	0.00
a yellow car speeds along a snowy field . 	a yellow car drives quickly in the snow . 	4.40
a boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins . 	a child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it . 	2.80
two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match . 	two little orange and white dogs are in the snow . 	0.00
the black dog is walking through the tall grass . 	the black dog is running through the grass . 	3.80
two dogs playing in snow . 	two dogs playing in grass . 	2.40
one boy is pushing another boy on a swing . 	a boy is pushing another boy on the swings . 	4.80
a pitcher on a mound throws a baseball . 	a boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game . 	3.40
two black dogs playing in the snow . 	a black dog digs in the snow . 	3.40
a dog jumps over a chain . 	a dog leaping over a chain . 	5.00
a girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench . 	a young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench . 	4.60
a black and a yellow dog 	a black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field . 	2.20
three children in a ball pit . 	several children playing in a ball pit . 	3.40
a large white and gray dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course . 	a white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube . 	3.60
a swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool . 	a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool 	4.80
a man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake . 	a woman is wearing a white headband , purple tank top and black gloves . 	0.00
a brown dog is running through green grass . 	a brown dog is running though a river . 	2.40
a small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass . 	a small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass . 	3.40
a woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field . 	a lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard . 	3.40
a little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs . 	a little girl is playing on a toy outdoors . 	2.80
a black dog walking through water . 	two black dogs walking through the snow . 	2.40
a black dog is running in snow . 	a black dog is swimming with a ball in it 's mouth . 	1.80
a woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog . 	a tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down . 	1.60
two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign . 	two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign . 	4.60
a woman is sitting in the water . 	the woman is skating in the park . 	0.80
a brown dog wades in the water . 	a dog splashes in the murky water . 	3.60
a tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters . 	a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach 	2.20
one man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike . 	the man wearing a blue helmet is riding a polaris . 	2.80
a hockey player looks intently downward . 	a hockey player during a game . 	2.00
a little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing . 	a person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd 	1.80
two brown dogs chase each other in the snow . 	two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow . 	4.20
a person on a snowmobile . 	a person on a snowmobile in mid jump . 	3.60
children are playing on a trampoline in the snow . 	several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow . 	4.50
the man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle . 	two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods . 	0.80
this over the top photo shows two men taking a break . 	a person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath . 	0.40
two brown dogs running together on sand 	two brown dogs are running on the sand . 	4.60
a black dog is chasing after a red frisbee . 	a black poodle is running in the snow . 	1.40
two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride . 	a young girl is on a ride at an amusement park . 	3.00
a dog digging in the sand . 	a brown dog digs in the sand . 	4.20
a gray dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth 	dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth 	3.80
a woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake . 	a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground 	0.40
two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores . 	a woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach . 	0.00
a black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream . 	a black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water . 	4.60
a person on a bmx bike . 	a man on a bike in mid-air 	3.00
two dogs running through tall grass . 	two dogs are running through a grassy area . 	4.60
little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball . 	a black and white dog returns a stick in the snow . 	1.00
a group of people standing outside of a building . 	a large group of people have formed a line outside . 	3.20
a dog with a stick follows another dog through the water . 	a four wheel drive car is driving through the mud . 	0.00
a group of four children dancing in a backyard . 	a group of children do stretches on colored mats . 	1.60
two black dogs are playing on the grass . 	two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain . 	4.60
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach . 	a group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach . 	4.80
a black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick . 	a black and white dog playing in the sand . 	1.80
a boy waves around a sparkler . 	a young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air . 	4.40
two black dogs playing in the grass . 	two dogs play in the grass . 	4.20
several people are sitting around a fire at night . 	a group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night . 	2.60
two boys are jumping into a pool . 	two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool . 	4.20
two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach . 	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach . 	4.00
one man and two women dressed in vampire costumes 	a man and two women dressed in costumes . 	3.40
two boys , one wearing a hat , in a playground . 	boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment . 	2.40
two dogs playing in snow . 	two dogs play in the snow . 	5.00
a woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches . 	a woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera . 	0.40
a white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow . 	a fluffy , white dog running in the snow . 	4.60
a woman holding a newspaper . 	a man rollerblading on a metal bar . 	0.00
a group of men playing brass instruments . 	a group of guys play instruments outside . 	3.40
two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish . 	two males , one in red and one in white playing a basketball game . 	0.00
a snowboarder jumps into the air . 	a snowboarder flies through the air . 	4.00
a white dog with red ears is running in the snow . 	a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river 	0.60
a little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide . 	a little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground . 	0.40
kids play soccer on a field . 	three boys playing soccer in a field 	4.20
a group of men walk and hang onto ropes . 	a group of men play a college football game . 	1.40
a man jumps off of one rooftop onto another . 	a young man jumps from one balcony to another . 	2.80
a black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella . 	a man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun . 	3.60
one child pulls another , sitting in a red wagon , along the sand . 	a young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon . 	3.40
two puppies playing with a plastic bag . 	two dogs playing in a yard . 	3.00
an owl has its wings up and widespread during the day . 	the bird has its wings spread as it flies . 	2.40
a man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree . 	a dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby . 	0.00
a woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar . 	a woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background . 	4.40
three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them . 	a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud . 	2.80
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks . 	a man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks . 	4.40
a man with a gray beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean . 	a spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach . 	0.60
a man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave . 	a surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean . 	4.60
a young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background . 	a young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand . 	1.80
a girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence . 	a girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence . 	4.00
a brown furry animal stands behind some plants . 	a dog pants while standing in the woods . 	1.40
a child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave . 	a man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water . 	1.00
the tan and white dog is running in the field . 	the brown and white dogs run through the field . 	3.40
three little girls are sitting on the grass . 	two poodles are running through the snow . 	0.80
a brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background . 	a brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background . 	4.00
a golden retriever jumping off a wood porch . 	a golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch 	5.00
dog is jumping down a ramp . 	a girls is jumping in the sand . 	1.20
the dog plays in the park . 	the dog leaps over the fence in the park . 	3.20
two teenage girls , one is smiling . 	a little girl on a kid swing . 	0.80
two birds interacting in the grass 	two dogs play with each other outdoors . 	0.20
four dogs stand in the snow . 	four dogs playing in the snow . 	3.60
brown and black dogs on snow , showing teeth and barking at each other . 	a black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow . 	3.40
two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain . 	two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around . 	3.40
a man running on a track . 	a man running track 	5.00
two children in a field of red flowers . 	two kids are playing in a field of red flowers . 	4.80
a young men jumps off rocks into a lake . 	a young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water . 	4.00
a small black dog is in the grass . 	a black dog is running in the grass . 	3.60
a lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera . 	two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera . 	1.00
a group of people are firing up a hot air balloon . 	a large group of people riding brown and white horses . 	0.00
children play fight with swords . 	a child and parent pet a horse . 	0.00
a man is wind sailing in the ocean . 	a dog is running through the ocean . 	1.40
a man is skating down a set of stairs . 	the man is skiing down a snowy hill . 	0.80
three dogs racing on a dirt track 	cars racing on a dirt track 	1.40
two people holding hands and walking in a field . 	two men walking past a mural of a car . 	1.20
a brown dog chases a frisbee 	a brown dog squating on grass . 	1.60
a lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room . 	a dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball . 	0.00
woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk . 	a woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk . 	5.00
a dog is running through a backyard full of leaves . 	three dogs run through a field . 	2.80
two puppies playing around in the grass 	two puppies play in the grass 	5.00
a light-colored dog runs through the grass . 	a dog runs through the grass . 	4.00
two black and white dogs are playing together outside . 	two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow . 	1.00
three dogs running through water . 	a black dog running through water . 	1.00
a woman sits alone against a brick wall 	a woman is walking with a red bag . 	1.20
a skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range . 	a woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel . 	0.00
a brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth . 	a dog swimming with a stick in its mouth . 	2.60
a young woman leans over her plate at a meal . 	a young woman , topless except for paint or mud . 	0.80
the dogs are playing in the snow . 	two dogs playing on the shore . 	1.80
a young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool . 	a dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool . 	0.80
a person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows . 	a person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows . 	3.80
a brown dog sits on the beach . 	a dog running on the beach 	2.00
scuba diver submerged in water . 	the scuba diver is underwater . 	5.00
the man is riding a bike down a dirt hill . 	a trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail . 	1.80
a large gray dog is playing in the deep snow . 	four dogs playing in the snow . 	2.60
a man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean . 	a man walking his cow down the side of the road . 	0.80
two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees . 	a brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees . 	2.80
a dog in in a car . 	a dog is biting a mop . 	1.00
child holding an object that is on fire . 	a child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire . 	4.00
a dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods . 	a child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling . 	1.20
a brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself . 	a white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry . 	2.40
a young boy climbing on a rock wall 	five greyhounds are racing on a sand track . 	0.00
a black and white dog is running on the beach . 	the black and brown dog is running through the snow . 	1.80
many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck . 	a group of people are riding in the back of a truck . 	3.40
person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill . 	a person skiing down a snowy hill . 	4.20
a woman is eating fish at a restaurant . 	a woman eating a large fish in a restaurant . 	4.60
a child and two dogs play in the water . 	a child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water . 	2.20
a skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall . 	a skateboarder riding up to a slope . 	2.20
people are standing on an escalator moving up . 	people ride up an escalator . 	4.60
a lady is running her dog through an agility course . 	trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe 	4.20
the white and brown dog is shaking its ears . 	the brown dog is running across the sand . 	1.40
a skateboarder jumps off the stairs . 	a dog jumps off the stairs . 	0.80
some children are raising their hands and clapping . 	three children are playing soccer in the sand . 	0.20
a man blowing a large bubble . 	a man walking a large black horse . 	0.00
two people sit on a dock near the water . 	two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water . 	3.80
two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth . 	a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth . 	1.80
the black and white dog is running on the grass . 	a black and white dog swims in blue water . 	1.40
hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net . 	a hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal . 	4.60
a skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump . 	a skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera . 	1.40
the brown dog is running along a grassy pathway . 	a brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings . 	3.40
the girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and rollerblades . 	a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back 	0.00
a tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing . 	a woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs . 	0.00
a dog running along the beach . 	boy and girl running along the beach . 	1.40
a young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing . 	the man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing . 	4.60
a brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it 's mouth . 	a gray dog jumps to bite a green leash . 	3.20
a black dog is running in the grass . 	a black and a brown dog running in the grass . 	3.20
a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear . 	a woman is riding her bicycle . 	0.50
three dogs play in a grassy field . 	some kids play in a field . 	1.20
a small white dog climbs over a log . 	a small dog steps onto a log . 	2.80
a young boy plays in a red ball pit . 	a laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls . 	3.00
a surfer on a wave . 	a surfer is riding a wave . 	4.40
the dogs play in the snow on hind legs . 	two dogs play in the snow . 	3.80
the skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp . 	the skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park . 	2.40
two men in a running contest . 	dogs in a race . 	1.00
a boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs 	a skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet . 	2.60
a black and white dog runs through the water . 	black and brown dog runs through field . 	2.00
two kids are walking on a path in the woods . 	two children walking down a path in the woods . 	5.00
a brown and white dog is running on the grass . 	the tan and black dog is running across the grass . 	3.40
a woman runs on the beach . 	a dog runs across the land . 	1.80
two dogs run side-by-side on the grass . 	two dogs running on grass . 	4.40
two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant . 	two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant . 	5.00
a rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched . 	a brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it 's mouth . 	0.40
a golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth . 	a black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth . 	2.40
two people are walking through some water . 	two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building . 	1.20
a girl is running on a desert path . 	a young girl is talking on a cell phone . 	0.80
a white dog is playing with a ball on the beach . 	a black and white dog is playing with a tan dog . 	1.60
a dog splashing in the water . 	a dog splashes in the murky water . 	4.00
a man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses . 	a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses . 	5.00
a group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city . 	a group of people are riding in the back of a truck . 	1.00
the dog is in the air above the grass . 	the dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet . 	1.00
woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street . 	woman in a black dress walking on the street . 	3.80
a black dog is running through some water . 	a man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game . 	0.00
girl stands in subway waiting on something . 	a girl stands in a dimly lit area . 	2.00
two dogs approach each other in the grass . 	two dogs face off of each other on the grass . 	4.80
the man is sitting with a little girl in the park . 	the man is playing with the shaggy little dog . 	0.60
a large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth 	the tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth . 	4.40
a group of people in boats racing towards the shore . 	a classroom of students watching a presentation . 	0.00
a person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp . 	a biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area . 	0.60
a boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night . 	a brown dog runs on the sand , holding a stick . 	0.00
a person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face . 	a medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area . 	0.00
dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth . 	the black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth . 	2.00
a young girl running on the beach . 	a little girl running at on the shore of a beach . 	4.20
a baseball player throws the ball . 	the basketball player holds the ball . 	1.60
a man is swinging on a rope over water . 	a man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake . 	3.00
a woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands . 	a fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble . 	1.00
a deer jumps a fence . 	a deer is jumping over a fence . 	5.00
a young girl dressed in a minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk . 	a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets . 	1.00
