measure the depth of a body of water 	any large deep body of water . 	0.8
someone who plays a principal role 	an actor who plays a principal role . 	3
( cause to ) come to rest on a surface 	reach or come to rest . 	3.8
the act of advocating or promoting something 	the act of choosing or selecting . 	2.2
alphanumeric sequence used for identification 	a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification . 	3.8
a state of being elevated or raised 	the event of something being raised upward . 	2.6
the act of lifting something 	the act of climbing something . 	0.6
bind or join ( as if ) with cement . 	shine intensely , as if with heat . 	0.2
( finally ) do something or be somewhere 	cause something to pass or lead somewhere . 	1
a point , as the op part of a compass arrow 	a v-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer . 	3.2
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	0.4
coerce by violence , fill with terror 	coerce by violence or with threats . 	4
cause to move , cause to be moved 	cease to operate or cause to cease operating . 	1.6
the uppermost area of region of something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	0
the foremost part of something 	have flavor ; taste of something . 	0
behave or move in a certain manner 	behave in a certain manner . 	4.4
a reproduction or physical representation of something 	a visual representation of something . 	3
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition 	a specialized division of a large organization . 	1.6
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position 	a person who is appointed to a job or position . 	4.6
advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of . 	contribute to the progress or growth of . 	4.2
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean 	a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water . 	3.4
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of cracking something . 	0.2
cut into , possibly creating something new . 	the act of cracking something . 	0.6
the act of choosing among alternatives 	the act of changing one thing for another thing . 	2.4
the act of testing something . 	the act of breaking something . 	0.8
the state of being in contact 	the state of being connected . 	4
giving a reference or citation of something 	change the nature , purpose , or function of something . 	0
sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity . 	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity . 	3.8
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object 	a surface forming part of the outside of an object . 	0.2
a feeling or state of contentment , relief 	a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain . 	4
physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center ; physically spread from a start point . 	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center . 	4.2
place into the ground for growing 	place or put on the ground . 	2
an approximated amount of something 	a visual representation of something . 	0.8
stimulate sexually ; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation 	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation . 	4.4
the act of acknowledging the truth of something 	the act of projecting out from something . 	0.8
express audibly ; utter sounds ( not necessarily words ) ; indicate . 	express audibly ; utter sounds ( not necessarily words ) . 	4.2
the state of being suspected . 	the state of being excluded . 	0.6
the act of providing approval and support . 	the act of having and controlling property . 	0
relieve someone from work by taking a turn ; take turns working . 	relieve ( someone ) from work by taking a turn . 	4.8
a side or surface of something 	a brief experience of something . 	0
utter in a certain way 	appear in a certain way . 	1.4
the act of turning , rotating an object 	turning or twisting around ( in place ) . 	3
( cause to ) increase in extent or intensity . 	increase in extent or intensity . 	4
the legal state of owing money 	the verbal act of offering . 	0.4
make sense of , give meaning to 	make sense of ; assign a meaning to . 	4.6
the act of beginning something new . 	the act of hiring something or someone . 	1
printed version of electronic data from a computer 	( computer science ) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper . 	4.2
limit in quantity or quality . 	limit in quality or quantity . 	5
search ( as the bottom of a body of water ) for something 	search ( as the bottom of a body of water ) for something valuable or lost . 	3.5
the act of surrendering or losing something of value 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	2.25
the physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture . 	the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture . 	4.8
expel or eject ( saliva , phlegm , sputum , or vomit ) from the mouth . 	expel or eject ( saliva or phlegm or sputum ) from the mouth . 	4.4
the natural progression or development of something 	the act or means of getting rid of something . 	0
the act of lifting something 	the act of describing something . 	0
an explanation or alibi for something 	an opinion formed by judging something . 	0
recover , return to former state 	return to a former condition . 	4.8
act without permission or with too much confidence . 	take liberties or act with too much confidence . 	3.6
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	the act of testing something . 	0.75
become the owner or posessor of something 	make a film or photograph of something . 	0
the act of moving , turning something 	the act of rejecting something . 	0.4
the act of confining , preventing or blocking something 	the act of testing something . 	0.4
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	0.4
the act or means of getting rid of something . 	the physical position of something . 	0.4
the shape of a wave in a given period of time 	the popular taste at a given time . 	0.4
a distinctive style of clothing 	an intuitive understanding of something . 	0
cause to have an odor 	cause to become alive again . 	0
fall or cause to fall 	let or cause to fall in drops . 	3.6
the act of allowing , bestowing something 	the act of testing something . 	0.6
keep from being seen or perceived by others 	hold back ; keep from being perceived by others . 	3.8
a document authorizing another to vote on one 's behalf 	a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting . 	3.4
the act of lifting something 	the act of retaining something . 	0.8
the act of combining , blending , integrating 	the act of chipping something . 	0.8
smell by inhaling through the nose 	perceive by inhaling through the nose . 	4.5
the conclusion of a communication 	the intended meaning of a communication . 	0.8
( cause to ) adopt a different system , value , or viewpoint 	cause to adopt a new or different faith . 	3.8
( cause to ) become less intense or strict 	cause to become violent or angry . 	1.2
the act of choosing or selecting 	the act of losing someone or something . 	0.2
narrative or account , intended as factual reporting 	a short account of the news . 	4
engrave by means of dots . 	engrave by means of dots and flicks . 	3.8
the act of shoving something away 	the act of raising something . 	1.2
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim 	decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim . 	4.6
make noise like bad engine 	make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants . 	3.8
be in direct physical contact with 	be in direct physical contact with ; make contact . 	4.8
the quality of being dependable 	the quality of being of practical use . 	1
arrange a program for an individual , group , or entity . 	arrange a program of or for . 	3.4
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music 	give an interpretation or rendition of . 	1.4
the quality of being dependable 	the act of dwelling in a place . 	0
a store or supply of something 	a store or supply of something ( especially of food or clothing or arms ) . 	3.8
suggest or prescribe a solution 	suggest the necessity of an intervention ; in medicine . 	2.6
person who manages money in board games 	a person who is in charge . 	0.6
the act of rubbing a surface 	the act of dragging ( pulling with force ) . 	0.6
the act of dividing or disconnecting . 	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting . 	0.6
the act of validating the authenticity of something 	the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance . 	1.2
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	the act of forcing out someone or something . 	0.4
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of winding or twisting . 	0
oppose or approach , as in hostility or competition 	oppose , as in hostility or a competition . 	4.4
travel ( as if ) through water . 	move as if through a sieve . 	1.4
administer or bestow , as portions 	administer or bestow , as in small portions . 	4
form a spiral or move in a spiral course . 	to wind or move in a spiral course . 	4.8
induce into action by using one 's charm ; provoke to do something . 	induce into action by using one 's charm . 	4
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits 	a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits . 	4.6
hold or embrace in a tight grip 	hold in a tight grasp . 	4.6
the shape of a wave in a given period of time 	the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time . 	2.6
the foremost part of something 	the lower part of anything . 	0.2
the act of controlling by restraining someone or something . 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	0.2
the act of planning or deliberating 	the action of putting something into operation . 	2
be located at or on top of something 	cause ( someone ) to undergo something . 	0
the scent or odor of something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	0
( cause to ) make a dry crackling sound , possibly by mixing . 	make a dry crackling sound . 	3.4
fill , attach , fix with , or as if with gum 	cover , fill , fix or smear with or as if with gum . 	4.2
the act of talking about the features of something . 	the act of sharing in the activities of a group . 	1.2
the act of providing help or aid to someone 	the act of applying paint to a surface . 	0.2
a natural growth of plants , usually trees 	a growth of similar plants ( usually trees ) in a particular area . 	4.2
the act of planning or deliberating 	the act of cracking something . 	0.2
the physical expanse of the universe 	the physical position of something . 	0.4
a boundary area or edge of something 	a boundary marking the extremities of something . 	4.2
reach a destination or goal 	reach a destination ; arrive by movement or progress . 	3.4
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting . 	0.4
to argue or plead in favor of 	argue or speak in defense of . 	4
support , sustain , bear , or be responsible for 	cause to happen or be responsible for . 	2.2
take or capture by force or authority 	to put down by force or authority . 	2.8
( cause to ) lengthen or stretch out in space 	cause to march or go at a marching pace . 	0.6
the act of rending , tearing , ripping 	the act of reducing the amount or number . 	0.75
equip with armed and armored motor vehicles ( as of an army ) . 	equip with armed and armored motor vehicles . 	4.8
( the content of ) a communication . 	the last section of a communication . 	2.8
the act of changing course or twisting oneself . 	the act of indicating or pointing out by name . 	0
the act of pressing together firmly 	the act of disturbing the mind or body . 	0
the state or condition of feeling or being rushed . 	the condition of being motivated . 	0.6
move to a lower position , terminate something 	lower the pitch of ( musical notes ) . 	0.4
the act of pulling a load 	the act of making a proposal . 	0.4
( cause to ) appear suddenly or briefly 	break open or apart suddenly and forcefully . 	0.4
the human act of making something new . 	the speech act of making something evident . 	0.8
make or become more acute or intense 	make ready for action or use . 	1
the activity of breaking or splintering something 	the act of breaking something . 	4
the extreme endpoint of something 	get the meaning of something . 	1.6
perform an action with an intent to deceive . 	make a copy of with the intent to deceive . 	2.4
any cause or source of great suffering 	any affliction that causes great suffering . 	4.6
the act of moving , turning something 	the act of drawing or hauling something . 	2.2
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact . 	to remain emotionally or intellectually attached . 	3.8
the state of being pleased with life . 	the state of being rejected . 	0.4
the height of the sea 's surface 	the solid part of the earth 's surface . 	0.2
the act of testing something . 	the act of starting something . 	1.4
cover with a primer base 	cover with a primer ; apply a primer to . 	4.6
discover a logical or causal connection ; associate 	make a logical or causal connection . 	3.8
rewrite in a different script . 	extend in a different direction . 	0.2
the act of reasoning , cogitation 	the act of beginning something new . 	0.6
the act of giving a speech 	the act of giving a false appearance . 	0.4
be located at or on top of something 	observe or plot the moving path of something . 	0.4
the act of turning , rotating an object 	the act of breaking something . 	0.2
the scent or odor of something 	have a disagreement over something . 	0
give an incentive or reason for action . 	give an incentive for action . 	4.2
the context or setting in which something takes place 	the act of cutting something into parts . 	0.2
tolerate ; aceept or take on as a responsibility . 	give surety or assume responsibility . 	3.4
move from one location to another 	move from one place to another . 	5
the act of testing something . 	the act of dropping something . 	0.4
give a performative affectation to ( something ) . 	give a performance ( of something ) . 	2.8
a participant who is a beginner in some activity 	any new participant in some activity . 	4
turn the paddle or oar . 	turn the paddle ; in canoeing . 	3.8
the activity of examining or assessing something 	the act of drawing or hauling something . 	0.2
the conclusion of a communication 	the last section of a communication . 	4.6
an object impairs the respiration of someone or something . 	the relation of comprising something . 	0.6
be a reason , cause , or justification of 	serve as a reason or cause or justification of . 	4.4
retreat or move from a position , relocate 	remove from a position or office . 	2.6
the human act of making something new . 	the act of starting something for the first time ; introducing something new . 	3.8
an instance of halting some motion 	the act of starting something . 	0.4
( cause to ) gradually become weak 	cause to become widely known . 	1
a deficiency , state of disappointment , non-achievement 	an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose . 	3.2
the act of giving up a claim , office , or possession . 	the act of giving up ( a claim or office or possession etc. ) . 	4.8
the uppermost area of region of something 	exclusive control or possession of something . 	0.6
take something or someone away from somewhere 	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere . 	3.2
energy in the form of molecular motion 	money in the form of bills or coins . 	0.6
a state of exposure to harm 	a state of extreme poverty . 	0
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	the act of attaching or affixing something . 	1.4
the act of testing something . 	the act of rejecting something . 	0.4
have a strong desire to do something 	have a wish or desire to know something . 	3.2
take in ( mentally or physically ) 	take ( gas , light or heat ) into a solution . 	1.8
the act of intentionally omitting something 	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something . 	0.2
pronounce with a nasal twang 	pronounce with an initial sibilant . 	2.4
an upward slope or incline 	an upward slope or grade ( as in a road ) . 	4
an allotment or percentage of something 	a relatively long narrow piece of something . 	1
shrivel , wither , or mature imperfectly , as of a flower . 	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly . 	3.6
identify , establish location or identity 	recognize as being ; establish the identity of someone or something . 	4.4
the act of shoving something away 	the act of starting something . 	0.6
an explanation or alibi for something 	an obligation to pay or do something . 	0
incline from a vertical position 	to incline or bend from a vertical position . 	4.2
preserve in a tin or jar . 	preserve in a can or tin . 	4.4
behave or move in a certain manner 	dress in a certain manner . 	1
the act of testing something . 	the act of raising something . 	0.8
give a deceptive explanation for ; cover up 	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for . 	4.4
the principal activity that one does to earn money . 	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money . 	4.2
the act of dividing or disconnecting . 	the act of drawing or hauling something . 	0.2
the act of planning or deliberating 	the act of becoming more distant . 	0.4
the act of testing something . 	the act of retaining something . 	0
12th month of the calendar year 	the last ( 12th ) month of the year . 	4.8
the activity of examining or assessing something 	the activity of protecting someone or something . 	0
the act of turning , rotating an object 	the act of troubling or annoying someone . 	0.4
a company that provides public service commodities 	a company that performs a public service ; subject to government regulation . 	3.8
get involved with or mixed up 	get involved or mixed-up with . 	4.6
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal 	a gradual decline ( in size or strength or power or number ) . 	2.6
a fast rate or occurrence of something 	a brief experience of something . 	3.2
the act of lifting something 	the act of chipping something . 	0
( cause to ) become even or level 	make even or more even . 	4.4
declare invalid ; take away the legal force of or render ineffective . 	take away the legal force of or render ineffective . 	4.2
give an incentive or reason for action . 	give an interpretation or rendition of . 	0.2
hit or return before it touches the ground 	hit before it touches the ground . 	4
the act or means of getting rid of something . 	the state of being unsure of something . 	0
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault 	the action of putting something into operation . 	0
fix or set a physical object securely or depeply 	fix or set securely or deeply . 	3.8
a storyline ; the plan , scheme , or main story of a literary or dramatic work , true or fictional . 	the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc. . 	3.8
the activity of breaking or splintering something 	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something . 	4.2
a retail store with merchandise for sale 	a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services . 	4.2
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain 	twist suddenly so as to sprain . 	4
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ 	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ . 	4.2
be a factor or play a role in something 	the act of stopping something . 	0.2
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace 	the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace . 	4.8
request or demand something from someone 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	1
the act of confining , preventing or blocking something 	the act of forming or establishing something . 	0.8
ride on someone 's shoulders or back ; support on the back or shoulders . 	support on the back and shoulders . 	3.2
oppose with equal weight or force 	contrast with equal weight or force . 	3.8
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality 	the quality of not being useful or convenient . 	0.4
the quality of being important , worthy of attention 	the quality of being important and worthy of note . 	4.8
attachment , restraint or shackle between physical entities 	a restraint that confines or restricts freedom ( especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner ) . 	3.6
the reduction of the extent of something , e.g , its size , importance or quantity 	change toward something smaller or lower . 	4.4
a visual characterization of something 	a chance to do something . 	0.2
put in a particular place or abstract location 	cause to be in an appropriate place , state , or relation . 	3
the action of extending outwards 	the trait of wasting resources . 	0.4
the consequence or aftermath of something 	have flavor ; taste of something . 	0.2
( cause to ) increase in anxiety . 	cause to run in panic . 	3.6
the activity of examining or assessing something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	0
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of forming or establishing something . 	1.4
turn on an axis ; spin 	cause to turn on an axis or center . 	3.6
play off-set into opposition or rivalry 	set into opposition or rivalry . 	3.8
the processing or operation of something 	the physical position of something . 	1
the act of pulling a load 	the act of hearing attentively . 	0.4
the act of explaining or defending something 	the act of designating or identifying something . 	0.6
come upon , attack or catch someone or something unaware 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	0
the act of turning , rotating an object 	the act of dropping something . 	0.6
social or economic downfall of someone or a group 	failure that results in a loss of position or reputation . 	2.8
the primary component of a communication 	the last section of a communication . 	1.6
the process of becoming less or smaller 	process or result of becoming less or smaller . 	4.2
the concluding section of a communication 	the last section of a communication . 	4.2
reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding . 	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading . 	4.2
the act or capability of seeing 	the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated . 	0
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	0.8
give a specific interpretation to 	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation . 	3.2
the state of being suspected . 	the state of being rejected . 	0.8
the process of cultivating the land , possibly as a way of life . 	agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life . 	4.2
a military aircraft that drops ordinance 	a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight . 	3
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	0
accept , acclimate or adapt to a context , situation 	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions . 	4.6
the temperature at which a liquid boils , bubbles 	the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level . 	3.6
the human act of making something new . 	the act of cracking something . 	0.6
beat or hit ( as if ) with a whip . 	maintain with or as if with a bet . 	0
the act of lifting something 	the act of stopping something . 	0.2
rein in a horse to lose a race 	rein in to keep from winning a race . 	3.8
( cause to ) come to rest on a surface 	cause to come out in a squirt . 	1.4
provide or supply with water 	cover or swamp with water . 	1.8
amount that can be contained 	the amount that can be contained . 	5
contain or have a specific wording or information 	have or contain a certain wording or form . 	4.4
a channel of social communication 	a channel for communication between groups . 	4.8
cause to be or last longer , extend in duration or space . 	lengthen or extend in duration or space . 	4.2
a rank or position relative to others 	take or have a position relative to others . 	3.4
the uppermost area of region of something 	the act of dropping something . 	0
the apparent condition or state of something 	the act of losing someone or something . 	0.2
burn slightly to affect color 	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color . 	4.66666666666667
a general trait or characteristic of something 	give certain properties to something . 	3.2
position in football played by a team member 	( american football ) a position on the line of scrimmage . 	2.8
the act of arranging elements together . 	the act of fastening things together . 	2
cause a sharp or stinging pain to 	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort . 	4
the act of choosing or selecting 	the act of dropping something . 	0.8
incite action , cause an event 	serve as the inciting cause of . 	4.2
come up , as of liquid or gas 	come up , as of a liquid . 	3.6
( cause to ) become less tense ; rest or take one 's ease . 	become less tense , rest , or take one 's ease . 	4.4
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion 	adapt to a specified measurement . 	4.2
anatomical shape of the body of a being , physique 	alternative names for the body of a human being . 	2.4
cause romantic action ; lure away from proper conduct 	lure or entice away from duty , principles , or proper conduct . 	3.2
make up something fictional or untrue 	make up something artificial or untrue . 	5
remove to or from a place or situation 	break from a meeting or gathering . 	2
the act of lifting something 	the act of ending something . 	1.2
a happening or incident of human significance 	a special set of circumstances . 	0.2
protect with or as if with a shield 	protect , hide , or conceal from danger or harm . 	3.8
basic monetary unit of kyrgyzstan 	the basic unit of money in kyrgyzstan . 	4.8
the act of lifting something 	the act of cracking something . 	0.4
( cause to ) move gently back and forth 	cause to move back and forth . 	4.4
the state of being in contact 	the state of being active . 	1.2
the act of testing something . 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	0.4
the act of explaining or defending something 	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting . 	0.2
understand the meaning of something . 	get the meaning of something . 	4.6
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome 	take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome . 	4.6
the act of annoying someone or something 	the act of applying force to propel something . 	0.2
change ( dramatically ) between high and low values 	alternate dramatically between high and low values . 	4.6
the activity of examining or assessing something 	the act of designating or identifying something . 	2.4
( cause to ) be anxious or preoccupied 	cause to be balanced or suspended . 	0.4
design for a specific purpose 	plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect . 	4.2
to combat or oppose someone or something 	the act of forcing out someone or something . 	2.6
( cause to ) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space . 	cause to have , in the abstract sense or physical sense . 	2.2
a mental grasp or understanding of something 	understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something . 	4.2
do something considered below one 's diginty 	do something that one considers to be below one 's dignity . 	4.6
( game ) a division during which one is allowed to play ( perhaps as offense ) . 	( sports ) a division during which one team is on the offensive . 	4.2
the act of cutting off length , snipping off 	the act of clipping or snipping . 	4.2
a sovereign regime and its assemblage 	the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state . 	3.8
the act of annoying someone or something 	the act of raising something . 	0.75
the extreme endpoint of something 	the act or means of getting rid of something . 	0.4
be or have a quality of being 	the quality of being significant . 	2.6
improve by pruning or polishing 	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing . 	4.4
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of applying force to propel something . 	0
register formally as a participant 	register formally as a participant or member . 	4.4
a lever that activates a firing mechanism , especially with a firearm 	lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun . 	4
the act of beginning something new . 	the act of ending something . 	0.8
the act of annoying someone or something 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	0.2
cut into , possibly creating something new . 	a reason for wanting something done . 	0.6
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth 	a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth . 	3.6
come up , as of liquid or gas 	take up , as of debts or payments . 	0.2
cause to be immersed in 	cause to be hanging or suspended . 	0.4
the act of substituting one thing for another 	the act of changing one thing for another thing . 	3.75
the act of testing something . 	a way or means to achieve something . 	0.6
the act of validating the authenticity of something 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	0.8
amount of time that something is postponed 	time during which some action is awaited . 	3.8
reverse a direction , attitude or course of action , perhaps perceptually . 	reverse ( a direction , attitude , or course of action ) . 	3.8
an established or recognized right , formal or informal . 	an established or recognized right . 	4.4
the act of intentionally omitting something 	the act of forming or establishing something . 	0.2
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building 	the occupants of a floor . 	4.6
a method for solving a problem 	the successful action of solving a problem . 	3
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick 	cover with flakes or as if with flakes . 	0
an observer of a process or activity 	a member of a police force . 	0.4
an address used for postal communication 	the address where a person or organization can be communicated with . 	4
spur on , urge , or deride by cheers and shouts . 	spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts . 	4
spare in quality or quantity 	limit in quality or quantity . 	2.8
the act of shoving something away 	the act of hiring something or someone . 	0.2
the apparent condition or state of something 	the event consisting of the start of something . 	1.8
engrave , shape or cut by chipping away at the surface 	engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface . 	4
something considered trite but amusing 	something recalled to the mind . 	0.6
the act of lifting something 	the act of constructing something . 	1.6
concrete enactment of an idea or concept 	a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept . 	3.8
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism 	affect with or as if with a cramp . 	0.8
( cause to ) change from a solid to a liquid . 	become liquid or fluid when heated . 	4
( the act of making ) a measurement of something . 	the act of making up your mind about something . 	1
a duplicate of something , serving as a backup 	something additional of the same kind . 	3.2
( the act of making ) a measurement of something . 	the act of removing or getting rid of something . 	0.4
react , or respond to a call , command , or stimulus 	react to a stimulus or command . 	4.2
club or association of people with a shared interest 	a formal association of people with similar interests . 	4.4
free from obligations , service or confinement 	free from obligations or duties . 	4.4
the degree or amount of something 	the act of dropping something . 	0
the act of arriving at a certain place 	the act of putting something in a certain place . 	1.4
medium of exchange minted by a government 	the official currency issued by a government or national bank . 	3.4
advance or set forward in court 	advance or set forth in court . 	4.8
make a written note of something 	make a written note of . 	4
the act of explaining or defending something 	the allotment of some amount by dividing something . 	0.2
a citizen of ancient troy 	a native of ancient troy . 	3.8
the act of testing something . 	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something . 	0
the act of turning , rotating an object 	the act of terminating a life . 	0
the act of moving in a hurried manner . 	the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner . 	3.6
the act of clipping , cutting 	the act of describing something . 	0.2
physically raise from a lower position . 	raise from a lower to a higher position . 	4.2
the act of turning , rotating an object 	the act of retaining something . 	0.2
an increase in size as measured per unit of time 	the rate of increase in size per unit time . 	4.6
advance warning or notification of something 	the first part or section of something . 	0.6
the act of advocating or promoting something 	the act of constructing something . 	0.6
supply with water for crops , as with channels , ditches , or streams . 	supply with water , as with channels or ditches or streams . 	3.8
smother , surpress or lessen something 	the act of testing something . 	0.4
cause to be immersed in 	cause to be interested or curious . 	1.8
the human act of making something new . 	the act of making or enacting laws . 	0.6
the intended meaning of an instance of communication . 	the intended meaning of a communication . 	4.4
be given to , come into the possession of 	come into the possession of . 	4.4
utter in a certain way 	react to in a certain way . 	1.2
have or be covered with bristles 	the state of being covered with unclean things . 	1.6
the act of planning or deliberating 	the act of choosing or selecting . 	1.8
be located at or on top of something 	make a film or photograph of something . 	0
be in or establish communication with 	move or establish in a new location . 	0.4
adapt oneself to new or different conditions . 	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions . 	4.8
be located at or on top of something 	an obligation to pay or do something . 	0
a collection of something , often a large amount 	a collection of things sharing a common attribute . 	2.4
whip with or as if with a whisk 	urge with or as if with a goad . 	0
dysfunction or ailment of the heart 	a disease of the heart . 	4.4
decorate a manuscript with red 	decorate ( manuscripts ) with letters painted red . 	3.8
the act of devoting time and energy to something 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	0.6
verify something by comparing to a standard 	check or regulate ( a scientific experiment ) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard . 	3.6
part , cease , or break association with ( something ) . 	part ; cease or break association with . 	4.6
put heels on a shoe 	put a new heel on . 	4
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of raising something . 	0.8
make images or sounds less sharp 	make ( images or sounds ) sharp or sharper . 	2.4
expel or eject saliva , sputum , or an object from the mouth . 	expel or eject ( saliva or phlegm or sputum ) from the mouth . 	4.4
measure the depth of a body of water 	measure the depth of ( a body of water ) with a sounding line . 	3.2
give a detailed account of 	narrate or give a detailed account of . 	4.4
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern 	a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music . 	3
the act of choosing or selecting 	the act of looking or seeing or observing . 	0.8
have a strong desire to do something 	have a strong desire or urge to do something . 	4.8
the activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone . 	the act of removing or getting rid of something . 	0.2
person who is a social companion 	a friend who is frequently in the company of another . 	3.6
hold or place in equilibrium 	hold or carry in equilibrium . 	4.6
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault 	the management of someone or something . 	0.4
work as a tinker ( fix pots and pans ) 	work as a tinker or tinkerer . 	3.8
the act of allowing , bestowing something 	the act of forming or establishing something . 	0.6
the termination , ending of a meeting 	the termination of a meeting . 	5
scratch or scrape with claws or nails 	attack as if with claws . 	4
a social occasion , often official or formal 	a formal or official social gathering or ceremony . 	3.8
infer or believe to be the case 	believe to be the case . 	4.2
move in such a way as to avoid 	make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid . 	4
the state of being absent . 	the act of climbing something . 	0
remove by pinching or snipping 	sever or remove by pinching or snipping . 	4.4
( cause to ) become a powder or as dust . 	cause to become widely known . 	0
prepare , arrange ; create or organize for a particular purpose 	any area set aside for a particular purpose . 	2
the act of people having sex 	the act of climbing something . 	0.2
to lecture formally to an audience 	accuse formally of a crime . 	0.2
the act of creating an artistic work 	the act of creating written works . 	2.8
the state of being in contact 	the state of being excluded . 	0.6
collect discarded , refused or damaged material 	collect discarded or refused material . 	3.8
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint 	a business firm that publishes newspapers . 	4
the act of providing incentive to someone 	the act of motivating ; providing incentive . 	4
the activity of examining or assessing something 	the act of examining resemblances . 	2.2
make marks in the surface of . 	make small marks into the surface of . 	3.8
make a copy with the intent to deceive . 	take up with the tongue . 	0
the act of choosing or selecting 	the act of clipping or snipping . 	0.4
spare in quality or quantity 	be equal to in quality or ability . 	1.2
return to in thought or speech 	return in thought or speech to something . 	5
the act of testing something . 	the act of climbing something . 	0
manner of handling , managing someone or something 	the management of someone or something . 	4.4
the act of selecting or picking something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	1
lay off -- put an end to a state or activity 	put an end to a state or an activity . 	4.2
move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position 	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position . 	3.8
shine intensely ; emit a steady , even light from a source . 	emit a steady even light without flames . 	2.8
the act of purchasing back something previously sold . 	the act of starting something . 	0.2
reach or cause to reach the highest point , best something 	an act ( or failure to act ) that disappoints someone . 	0.2
a type of military aircraft 	a unit of military aircraft . 	3.8
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	the state of taking in or encircling . 	0.2
a person who plants or detonates explosives 	a person who plants bombs . 	3.8
make fit for a specific purpose 	suit to a special purpose . 	4.2
strike with horror , surprise , disgust 	strike with horror or terror . 	3.8
have the same value , be or become equivalent to something else 	establish something as being earlier relative to something else . 	2.2
a state of confusion or disorder . 	throw into great confusion or disorder . 	3.4
a public enclosure for animals , as dogs 	a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs . 	4
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another , enabling international transactions 	the system by which one currency is exchanged for another ; enables international transactions to take place . 	4.8
the natural progression or development of something 	the natural process of laying down a deposit of something . 	1.8
the act of pulling an object 	the act of choosing or selecting . 	0.8
a perceptual distinction based on color or shading . 	the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors . 	4.4
the act of purchasing back something previously sold . 	the act of retaining something . 	1.2
cook in cream or using cream . 	add cream to one 's coffee , for example . 	1.2
a negative or undesirable aspect of something 	consider as part of something . 	0.6
gear or develop something to a particular purpose 	suit to a special purpose . 	4.6
identify or pick out someone or something 	the act of losing someone or something . 	0.6
a state of being encircled 	the state of being depleted . 	0.2
read or conform to the metrical pattern of 	conform to a metrical pattern . 	4.4
a major branch of a tree 	a small thin branch of a tree . 	1.4
the act of lifting something 	the act of starting something . 	0.8
( cause to ) become a fluid , as when heated . 	make ( a solid substance ) liquid , as by heating . 	4.8
form schemes in an underhand manner 	form intrigues ( for ) in an underhand manner . 	4.4
identify or pick out someone or something 	the act of forcing out someone or something . 	1
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg 	a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed . 	3
move as if unable to control one 's manner or direction of movement . 	walk as if unable to control one 's movements . 	4
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary 	something ( as property ) held by one party ( the trustee ) for the benefit of another ( the beneficiary ) . 	3.8
make fit for a specific purpose 	provide with ( something ) usually for a specific purpose . 	4
the act of lifting something 	the act of winding or twisting . 	0.6
cause to move , cause to be moved 	cause to lean to the side . 	1.6
an indication of something , evidence 	an indication of some hidden activity . 	1.8
the state of being absent . 	the state of being suspected . 	0.6
( cause to ) break up or cease to function 	stop functioning or cohering as a unit . 	4
the selection of a lottery winner 	the last section of a communication . 	0
being in a protected state or condition 	be in some specified state or condition . 	2
the act of escaping , fleeing 	the act of escaping physically . 	4.2
build , make by combining materials or parts 	make by combining materials and parts . 	4
create a coating for something . 	give a performance ( of something ) . 	0.6
create a coating for something . 	the act of projecting out from something . 	0
restrict or limit the range of 	limit the range or extent of . 	4.8
the act of annoying someone or something 	the act of dropping something . 	0.2
the act of acknowledging the truth of something 	the act of perceiving the odor of something . 	0
the act of providing incentive to someone 	the act of hiring something or someone . 	1.8
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position 	the justification for some act or belief . 	3.2
presentation of a musical theme 	( music ) the presentation of a musical theme . 	5
cause or permit to fall to the ground 	let or cause to fall in drops . 	2.8
move or sway in a sinuous fashion 	to move or cause to move in a sinuous , spiral , or circular course . 	4.4
sell or transport an item or idea abroad 	cause to spread in another part of the world . 	2.6
the act of taking an offer 	the act of making a proposal . 	0.8
a group of people appointed to a committee 	a committee appointed to judge a competition . 	2.6
intuitions , a hunch or feeling 	maintain ( a theory , thoughts , or feelings ) . 	1.4
situate , position , come to rest 	settle into a position , usually on a surface or ground . 	3.4
sever or remove by pinching or snipping ; tend by cutting . 	sever or remove by pinching or snipping . 	3.8
the act of lifting something 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	0
place limits on ; form the boundary of or be contiguous to . 	form the boundary of ; be contiguous to . 	4.4
the value of a currency 's conversion to another currency 	the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another . 	3
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles 	the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles . 	3.8
the act of lifting something 	the act of testing something . 	0.8
the act of escaping , fleeing 	the act of retaining something . 	0.4
people who are impoverished , without basic possessions 	two people who are married to each other . 	0
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	give certain properties to something . 	0.4
the act of explaining or defending something 	the activity of supplying or providing something . 	0.2
the act of lifting something 	the act of raising something . 	4.4
confine in or as if in a prison 	enclose in or as if in a frame . 	1.6
make a copy with the intent to deceive . 	make believe with the intent to deceive . 	3.2
the act of sorting things into categories 	the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type . 	4.2
fly in or on a glider plane 	fly in or as if in a glider plane . 	4
the act of choosing or selecting 	the act of testing something . 	1.4
open to members of all races and ethnic groups 	open ( a place ) to members of all races and ethnic groups . 	4.6
go after with the intent to follow or catch . 	go after with the intent to catch . 	4.2
the center region of an object 	the center of an object . 	4
an approximated amount of something 	an appraisal of the value of something . 	2.8
cover completely ; form a cover over ; expand over . 	form a carpet-like cover ( over ) . 	3.6
room where work or repairs are done 	room where work is done . 	4.2
the act of shoving something away 	the act of testing something . 	0.6
take possession of by legal authority ( for security ) . 	take temporary possession of as a security , by legal authority . 	3.6
hand over or put in 	refer for judgment or consideration . 	0.2
cause to turn from one course or use to another 	send from one person or place to another . 	2.4
the act of pulling a load 	the act of dwelling in a place . 	0
the act of annoying someone or something 	the act of projecting out from something . 	0.2
the act of talking about the features of something . 	the act of projecting out from something . 	1
turn from an upright/normal position 	cause to overturn from an upright or normal position . 	3.6
the act of lifting something 	the act of dropping something . 	0.2
the identification or the realization of something 	the end or completion of something . 	1
the act of concealing or disguising 	the act of projecting out from something . 	0.6
a document granting a right or privilege , as to an inventor . 	a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention . 	3.8
the central area of an object 	the center of an object . 	4.6
the act of lifting something 	the act of colliding with something . 	0.6
the act of lifting something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	0.4
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	the act of stopping something . 	0.4
the act of advocating or promoting something 	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something . 	0.6
have a distinctive or characteristic taste , perceptible by an experiencer . 	have a distinctive or characteristic taste . 	4
be a sign or indication of ; have as a meaning . 	be a sign or indication of . 	4.2
the general impression or appearance of something 	the general outward appearance of something . 	4.4
know , realize , and comprehend the meaning 	know and comprehend the nature or meaning of . 	4.8
make or create something for a specific function . 	make something , usually for a specific function . 	4
get rid of as if with water ( metaphorical ) 	get rid of as if by submerging . 	3
the act of acknowledging the truth of something 	the act of choosing or selecting . 	0.6
change or conform to fit new or different conditions 	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions . 	4.4
the act of providing incentive to someone 	the act of troubling or annoying someone . 	0
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face 	a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal . 	4
support , sustain , bear , or be responsible for 	organize or be responsible for . 	4
strive against another or others to attain a goal 	compete for something ; engage in a contest ; measure oneself against others . 	3.2
the act of testing something . 	the act of cracking something . 	0.6
gather or remove ( from a location ) for use . 	remove from a position or office . 	1.6
the act of directing attention , resources to something 	the act of colliding with something . 	0.2
ride on someone 's shoulders or back ; support on the back or shoulders . 	ride on someone 's shoulders or back . 	4
the act of combining , blending , integrating 	the act of mixing together . 	3.4
a solid 3d object with rectangular sides 	a solid piece of something ( usually having flat rectangular sides ) . 	3.2
the translation of an opus from one language to another 	the act of moving from one place to another . 	0.2
the act of annoying someone or something 	the act of admitting someone to enter . 	0
write differently or alter a piece or writing , perhaps to suit a different purpose . 	rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose . 	4.4
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience 	an entertainer who attracts large audiences . 	4.25
dispose of something as useless and old ; physically tear apart . 	dispose of ( something useless or old ) . 	4
the state of being absent . 	the state of being excommunicated . 	0.4
rise to surface ; become visible or known 	appear or become visible ; make a showing . 	3.6
overcome with astonishment or disbelief 	correct by punishment or discipline . 	0
lessen in force or effect , restrain , weaken 	lessen in force or effect . 	3.8
the act of intentionally omitting something 	the act of climbing something . 	0
the act of advocating or promoting something 	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something . 	2.2
a list of items to be consulted and marked off 	a list of items ( names or tasks etc. ) to be checked or consulted . 	4.6
the act of testing something . 	the act of stopping something . 	0.6
the act of damaging something , causing breakage 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	3.2
put in a particular place or abstract location 	put into a certain place or abstract location . 	4.6
the act of perceiving a scent 	the act of perceiving the odor of something . 	4.4
the act of providing assistance , giving aid 	the act of administering medication . 	1.8
lessen in force , impact , or effect 	lessen in force or effect . 	4.6
cover with wooden boards ; secure 	get on board of ( trains , buses , ships , aircraft , etc. ) . 	1.4
the act of explaining or defending something 	the act of removing or getting rid of something . 	0
a lid or top of a container 	covering for a hole ( especially a hole in the top of a container ) . 	3.8
( cause to ) separate or move in different directions 	to cause to separate and go in different directions . 	4.6
cause to vibrate in a different pattern 	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern . 	2.4
the act of dividing or disconnecting . 	the act of adding one thing to another . 	0.8
decide upon or fix definitely/specify 	decide upon or fix definitely . 	4
provide a seat or base for 	provide a feast or banquet for . 	1.4
the act of explaining or defending something 	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something . 	0
an observer of a process or activity 	a meeting devoted to a particular activity . 	0.4
make keen ; give ( new ) life or energy to 	give new life or energy to . 	3.8
