the statement , which appeared on a website used by islamists , said that al-qaeda fighters in islamic maghreb had attacked three army centers in the town of yakouren in tizi-ouzo . 	the pronouncement released that the mujaheddin of al qaeda in islamic maghreb countries attacked 3 stations of the apostates in city of aekorn in tizi ouzou , which was posted upon the web page used by islamists . 	3.8
- riyadh : saudi interior minister nayif bin abd-al aziz discusses specifically the terrorism dossier of the `` astray group '' ( the saudi branch of the al-qaeda organization ) during an ordinary meeting of the consultative council . 	- riyad : while conducting a conventional consultative assembly session , naif bin abdel aziz , the interior minister of saudi arabia , , talks specifically about the record of terrorism of the '' astray group '' ( al-qaeda 's saudi offshoot ) . 	4
now , the labor of cleaning up at the karaoke parlor is realized . 	up till now on the location the cleaning work is already completed . 	2.6
olli heinonen , the head of the international atomic energy agency delegation to iran , declared yesterday that the agency has reached an agreement with tehran on the method of conducting the negotiations pertaining to its nuclear program . 	leader of international atomic energy agency delegation to iran , olli heinonen said yesterday , that the agency concluded a mutual understanding with tehran on the way to manage talks depending upon its atomic program . 	4.4
the drunken boxing , drunken sword , taichi boxing , and mei boxing entranced the whole audience ; the hard qigong caused foreigners to exclaim with admiration over the hard head `` arhat '' molded by chinese martial arts ; 	drunkard 's boxing , drunkard 's sword style , the '' great ultimate '' style , and plum flower style made the entire audience entranced ; hard qigong made the people who were from alien lands marvel at the '' hard-headed arhats , '' trained in chinese kung fu ; 	3.8
it was logical that the two governments decide on the exchange of diplomatic relations , for each state to have an embassy and consulate in the other country , as otherwise there is no obligation of the citizens . 	it was logical that the two governments to decide the exchange of diplomatic relations , for each state embassy and consulate in the other country , except that it is no obligation to the citizens . 	4.4
the american secretary of state is executing a difficult process to `` explain the content '' of her statements in which she described the israeli offer of a partial freeze of settlement as `` unprecedented '' , while washington was demanding a complete freeze of settlement until now . 	the american secretary of state is a difficult process to `` explain the content of the '' statements in which he described the israeli offer of a partial freeze of settlement as `` unprecedented '' , while washington was demanding a complete freeze of settlement until now . 	3.8
intersection of opinions on the decision to transfer the trials of guantanamo to new york is a natural matter for such a thorny file that was on the agenda of priorities of the election campaign of the american president barack obama . 	the opinions on the decision to transfer the trials of guantanamo to new york is a natural matter for a thorny file was on the agenda of the priorities of the election campaign of the american president barack obama . 	4.6
after the aging pair 's suggestion to him to celebrate the spring festival together with them was denied , the old pair actually took it upon themselves to lend out their vehicle to the young person . 	after the elderly couple invited the young man to spend chinese new year with them and were rejected , they went so far as to freely lend the young man their own auto . 	4.2
are the armed forces reconstructing their forces ? 	is the army working on reestablishing its power ? 	4
a delegation from the chinese communist party , headed by zhou yongkang , member of the standing committee of the central committee of the political bureau of the chinese communist party , is scheduled to arrive tomorrow on a visit to sudan on which khartoum depends a lot , according to ismail . 	it is scheduled to reach a delegation from the chinese communist party , headed by zhou yongkang , member of the standing committee of the central committee of the political bureau of the chinese communist party , tomorrow in a visit to sudan depends on khartoum a lot , according to ismail . 	4.4
it came to a head . the al-qassam brigades had had it with this collaborator assembly 's furtherance of its zionist and american schemes to eliminate the islamic movement the afternoon of june 12th . 	in the afternoon of june twelfth al-qassam brigades outraged for the pursuance of the traitor coterie its zionism and american projects to get ride of the islamic movement . 	4.2
senior robs bank . . only to return to jail . 	the elderly loots the credit union ... simply to return to jail 	4
and showings such as '' king of the beasts , , '' and '' 18 genres of martial arts of china '' intoxicated audience members ; whereas '' 3 champions combat lu-bu '' and 	everybody watching the show were dazzled by the programs , called '' animals competing to be king of the beasts '' , '' skill in wielding the 18 kinds of traditional chinese weapons '' and so on . what 's more , '' three heroes combating lü bu '' . 	3.4
- cairo : possibly setting free ayman abdel aziz nour , the person from the egyptian opposition , who has been locked up for one and a half years , will be the topic of an egyptian court-issued ruling . 	- cairo : egyptian court will take a decision on the potentiality of release on health grounds for egyptian opponent aymen nour who has spent a year and a half in prison . 	4.2
this will be the first chinese enterprise to list directly on the tokyo stock exchange 's main board . 	it became the first chinese corporation posted on tokyo stock exchange ( tse ) 's main board . 	4.75
the neighborhood 's cafes and restaurants were visited by the guests . what a happy wedding ! 	there was a large number of people at this community 's dining rooms and buffets from the attendees ; what merry nuptials they were ! 	4.2
however the most harsh analysis is the analysis in maariv at the hand of ben kasbit . ben kasbit wrote : '' did we gain victory in the armed conflict that commenced three hundred and sixty-five days ago exactly , or , rather , did we lose ? '' 	nevertheless , the most critical review is that one which was conducted by benn kespit in '' maariv '' , as he wrote : '' did we gain victory in the war that flared up exactly since one year , or we lost it ? 	4.2
stardock aquarium desktop is not a currently popular aquarium screen saver . it directly changes your desktop into an aquarium . while you are at work , there is beautiful fish swimming on the desktop . 	this software is not an aquarium screensaver which is trendsetting ; on the contrary , one 's desktop is comprehensively changed into a fish tank by aquarium desktop by stardock , abounding with radiant fish swimming on one 's desktop while you earn your keep . 	3.6
the question now is whether the reasoning of the director of audit can be broadened somewhat . 	are we capable of broadening out some the office of financial investigation director ' s course of thought becomes , at this moment , the discussion . 	3.6
this index , its only ambition is that it reflects the awareness about corruption by researchers sitting in germany , who are the ones who issued the index . 	this index , only his ambition that give reflects the awareness about corruption by researchers sitting in germany , are the ones who issued the index . 	4.4
a resolution allowing the formation of a force between the united nations and the african union made up of 26,000 soldiers and policemen has been prepared to allow the use of a large-scale force to protect civilians in darfur . 	a provisional declaration was prepared authorizing the un / a.u. to create a 26,000-person joint force of policemen & soldiers and authorizing the widespread use of force in order to defend civilians in dar-fur . 	4.6
the issue therefore does not concern certain views which provoke waves of opposition but essentially relates to a vision of the church 's role , its doctrine and its international message . 	hence , this is not the issue of some beliefs that cause waves of opposition , but it pertains primarily to the concept of the task of the church , its faith and global vocation . 	4.2
iranian foreign minister , manuchehr motaki , announced tuesday that a new meeting between iranian and american officials on iraq could be held in the `` near future , '' according to what iranian media said . 	in accordance with what the iranian news media cited , foreign minister of iran manouchehr mottaki announced on tuesday that a additional meeting between iranian and united states representatives on iraq might take place in '' the near future '' . 	4.4
waiting for providing the health portfolios for the remaining four states in the next few days . 	waiting for providing the health portfolio for the remaining four states in the next few days . 	5
shares of the suwaidi cable company , which is one of the best performing companies in the recent period , also fell by 3.8 % to close at a price of 77.50 pounds per share . 	also the stock certificates of el sewedy cables company , which is one of the best executing establishments in the current days , declined at a rate of 3.8 percent to end the session at a price of 77.50 egyptian pounds for each stock certificate . 	3.4
even more pertinent is that he has not proved his own strength on the nba court and is in no position to be haggling over terms with his boss . 	not to mention that without demonstrating his competency on the n.b.a. court first off he 's unable to devise terms with his boss . 	4.2
dr nadhif said : `` we are in fact thinking of a single civil service law to replace the labor law . '' 	dr. nazif stated , '' we certainly suggest a unified civil service law to replace the employees statute . '' 	4
the poll resolved all those enquiries . 	every single one of those inquiries were given a reply by the study . 	2.6
i apologize to all my loved ones for not being responsive or for being late due to the limitation of three replies and one subject per day . almubasher_bilkhair@hotmail.com 	my apologies for the absence or postponement in replies , as it is because of the restriction of 1 subject and three replies per day . alumbasher _ bilhair @ hotmail.com 	4.6
suggesting that these potatoes possess a gene that resists particular antibiotic drugs , a number environmental organizations have come down upon the food safety authority of europe ' s gathering , nonetheless . 	notwithstanding , the conclusion reported by the efsa is disapproved of by some green groups , and , they warned that this type of potatoes consisted of a gene which withstood the force of a certain kind of antibiotics . 	4.2
estimated to be finished next year , burj dubai is one item amid copious magnificent city planning undertakings in dubai . 	dubai tower which is expected to be complete in the coming year , is viewed as one chain of plentiful outlines for expensive constructions located in the city of dubai . 	2.8
since the beginning of this campaign in april , thousands of women have been cautioned and hundreds of them have been arrested for not abiding by sharia clothing rules . 	hundreds of females were stopped for not adhering to the '' legitimate '' gown , as a result to the alert instructions given to thousands of them in the start of april 's campaign . 	4
he spent 18 years of a 20-year sentence in prison . 	he spent eighteen years in jail out of his original twenty year sentence . 	4.6
this is the first time that the big powerful arab states stood openly with israel in its war on an islamic-arab enemy . 	it is the first time that big powerful arab countries stood in public beside israel in the fight against islamic - arabic enemy . 	4.4
some time later my mentor held me in an embrace and it made me really snug and exceedingly fuzzy . then i rose and landed a peck on the forehead of my guide . 	afterwards as my mentor gave me a hug into his arms , i had a pleasant and amiable feeling ; subsequently , i got up and gave a kiss on the brow of my teacher . 	3.8
the verdict on the kidnappers of the egyptian imam abu omar in italy , six years ago , shed light again on the issue of the secret american prisons of the cia around the world . asmahan khouri . 	the verdict on the kidnappers of the egyptian imam abu omar in italy , six years ago , shed light again on the file of the secret american prisons of the cia around the world asmahan khouri . 	5
he is dealing with al-qaeda as a central movement present in pakistan and afghanistan , and did not deal with the movement as a political situation and as a general case , and a network that could come out in any place . 	it is dealing with al-qaeda as a central movement present in pakistan and afghanistan , and did not deal with the movement of political situation as a general , and the network could come out in any place . 	4
during the trial , the public prosecutor said that the old , alcoholic thief had become homeless and committed the theft in order to return to prison . 	during the tribunal , the da pointed out that the elderly who is addicted to alcohol burglar became outcast and went through with the theft in order to go back to jail . 	4.6
gaza - from ashraf abu al-houl 	gaza , written by ashraf aboul - houl : 	4.8
the list of released prisoners included 6 women and 11 minors . 	six ladies and eleven teenagers were among the acquited detainees 's listing . 	4.6
tehran : discussions with venezuelan president hugo chavez 	- city of tehran : conversations with president of venezuela hugo chavez . 	4.8
at the same time , the conflict bolstered the position of the right as well as their figurehead , benjamin netanyahu , and it helped ehud barak to go back to israel 's government . 	on the other hand , this war strengthened the position of the right and its leader benjamin netanyahu . moreover , it motivated ehud barak 's accession to government . 	4.6
- cairo : the funeral of egyptian billionaire and son-in-law of the departed president gamal abdel nasser , ashraf marwan , who passed away under suspicious circumstances in london . 	cairo : egyptian billionaire ashraf marwan , son-in-law of late president gamal abdel nasser , who passed away in the british capital in fishy circumstances was buried . 	4.8
6 women in addition to 11 youngsters were listed on the account of freed detainees . 	six ladies and eleven teenagers were among the acquited detainees 's listing . 	4.5
russian deputy minister of foreign affairs alexander grushko said that this move by britain has caused relations between the two countries to become directly confrontational . 	russian vice foreign minister alexander grushko states , the move of great britain has brought about an antagonistic relationship between russia and great britain . 	3.8
do they still have time to wait for us to earn money to let them have a good life and let them be proud of us ??? 	will they still have time to hold on for us to gain dough in order to let them have a exceptional life and make them proud of us ? 	4.6
there is nothing wrong with going to milwaukee ; they have no v.i.p.s there ; but this is actually what makes up his chance . 	actually , it is not a bad choice that he goes to milwaukee for the reason that there are no big star there . on the contrary , that is his opportunity . 	4
nine . ultimate device to cool you down - fans : considered as ancient as an '' antique , '' , hand fans ' health end result is incomparable to any other modern equipment to cool you down . 	number nine . the best tool for lowering your body temperature -- the fan , since although it 's '' an old-fashioned item '' , modern tools for cooling your body in the summer cannot compete with it , with regard to keeping you healthy . 	3.6
rockström said that when rich countries increase their consumption , they also accelerate the exploitation of the world 's national resources , with the result that they emit more greenhouse gases . 	rockstrom stated as nation-states that are prosperous increase their consumption , they expedite the usage of the world ' s natural materials also , resulting in the emission of more gas that causes the greenhouse effect . 	4.6
and we said we are ready to open a new page and start the negotiations , the matter is now in the hands of the palestinians , we have shown and demonstrated our will to move forward , even if this is painful and costly politically for netanyahu . 	and we said we are ready to open a new page and start the negotiations , the matter is now in the hands of the palestinians , have shown us and mainland on our will to move forward , even if this is painful and costly politically netanya . 	4.2
could the tv be out of order ? 	is there a possibility that the telly is not working ? 	4.6
currently a group of australian physicists are accelerating their work to realize everybody 's wish . 	scientists specializing in physics from australia , as a gang , are increasing their work , at this very moment , so everybody ' s dreams materialize . 	4.4
the iraqi council of representatives managed to approve the election law after long sessions . 	the iraqi council of representatives to approve the election law after long sessions . 	4.6
all writers will come to pass *** and time will preserve what their hands have written *** so write with your hand the best of books *** which you will be happy to see on judgment day . 	all creators shall cease to exist , only history will save forever what their hands had prescribed . therefore , write the best your hands can offer that makes you happy in the resurrection to look at . 	3.6
( correspondent zeng weikang and press correspondent for guangdong science and technology assocation ) 	( reporter weikang zeng , a correspondent for guangdong association for science and technology ) 	4.4
-- gaza - the state of affairs in the gaza strip , which is controlled by the hamas movement , have advanced after two air raids by israel resulted in the homicide of 7 people . 	- from gaza : development of the circumstances in gaza strip controlled by hamas one day after the killing of 7 people by two israeli airstrikes . 	4.4
judge the setting before speaking about happy things . 	we had better choose a proper occasion to tell happy stories to others ; 	3.6
yes , ahmed . 	yes , ahmed . 	5
even al-qaeda activity on the pakistani-afghan borders is managed and financed and planned from pakistan . 	even al-qaeda activity on the pakistani-afghan borders and managed and financed and planned from pakistan . 	4.6
how many years will they hold tight to watch our success ? 	do they have time to see our success ? 	2.6
the basis for it is the nature of the work , a job description which will help to restructure the governmental apparatus , even though the project is still in the research and study phase . 	where the basis would be the position description , which would assist in rearranging this body of government , regardless of the plan being presently in its analysis and fact finding stages . 	4
the statement pointed out that gration visited registration centers in sudan , and that he `` urged the citizens to register as the only way for the sudanese people to maintain the right to participate in the elections in april 2010 . '' 	the statement pointed out that ghraeshn visited registration centers in sudan , and that he `` urged the citizens to register as the only way for the sudanese people to maintain the right to participate in the elections in april 2010 . '' 	4.8
clinton is pleased with what she called netanyahu 's details on curbing the settlement policy , describing it as an unprecedented step . 	clinton pleased with what it called netanyahu details on the settlement policy , describing it as an unprecedented step . 	4.6
at such times , respectable manners are needed , or rather , in your very being be thankfulness always ! 	nowadays , we in want of a a grateful attitude that is appreciated . 	4.2
he also pointed out that to restrain inflation expectations , recently rates were increased by both the national bank of canada as well as uk 's central bank . 	the central banks of both britain and canada have increased interest rates in order to control the expectations of currency inflation . 	4.2
this software is not an aquarium screensaver which is trendsetting ; on the contrary , one 's desktop is comprehensively changed into a fish tank by aquarium desktop by stardock , abounding with radiant fish swimming on one 's desktop while you earn your keep . 	although the stardock aquarium desktop isn ' t a popular aquarium screen saver , it will make your computer desktop look exactly the same as an aquarium . to be more specific , you are working on your pc ; meanwhile , you will see pretty fishes swimming on your desktop . 	4.6
the new lebanese government held its first meeting today , tuesday , in the absence of a representative of the christian group from among the allies of the prime minister saad al-hariri , who threatens not to join the cabinet in protest against the quota . 	the new lebanese government held its first meeting today , tuesday , in the absence of a representative of the christian team of allies of the prime minister saad al-hariri , which threatens not to join the cabinet in protest against the quota . 	4.6
10 . the measure that protects one 's health the best is that you need to turn in and get up at a firm time ; sunset comes at a late hour and daybreak shows up at an early hour in summertime . there is more daylight . 	no. 10 . the best measure for health care - - wake up and go to sleep at an established time : daytime is longer in summertime ; the sky becomes light early and becomes dark late . 	4.4
'' in several countries of the arab world , the rate of doctors who are smokers has climbed beyond 37 % of all physicians , '' saudi arabia 's regional director for the world health organization declared . 	over 37 % of the mass of medical practitioners in a few arab states are smokers . this is according to the statement of the regional director of the world health organization in the kingdom . 	4.4
vocations open to a saudi woman -- neglected abilities and forgotten professions . 	career prospects for females in saudi arabia - lacking specializations and unused qualifications 	3.8
gaza : development in the situation in the gaza strip subject to hamas movement control after two israeli air raids result in the death of seven people . 	-- gaza - the state of affairs in the gaza strip , which is controlled by the hamas movement , have advanced after two air raids by israel resulted in the homicide of 7 people . 	4.4
some people seem to become more and more narrow-minded , only thinking to take , not to reward others . 	it seems many people are becoming increasingly narrow : they only know how to give requests ; they don ' t know how to reward others for their benificence . 	3.8
they must fully bring into play the bridging and linking function of the association of science and technology organization as it works hard to promote social harmony . 	it needs to completely call into play the networking and bridging duties of technology and science associations and organizations and labor heavily on promoting unity in the collective ; 	3.8
a total of 11 people were taken to hospital for treatment due to minor injuries , said london ambulance service . 	as alleged by london ambulance service , altogether , 11 individuals were treated for mild harms and were sent to the hospital . 	4.6
tokyo 's ginza tanaka jewelry company stated that the hand-woven dress made of gold has a weight of 1.1 kilograms , with a value of 30 million yen ( around 8.06 million in nt dollars ) . 	according to tanaka kikinzoku jewelry company at tokyo ginza , the handmade evening wears made of gold has a weight of 1.1 kg , with the price of 30 million jpy ( approximately eight million and sixty thousand new taiwan dollar ( ntd ) ) . 	4.4
since it 's necessary that israel obtain victory in the encounter against its foe , this drawn battle becomes counted as a loss . 	since israel is requested to triumph in the confrontation with its foe , a tie parallels debacle . 	3.2
in spite of there being additional essays to put into print when i return to my nation , this brings no help while venturing to get into the '' hundred talents '' . 	even though i 'll publish my essays after i return from overseas , it won ' t help me in applying for the 100 people project . 	4
producing their best rescue attempts are cops equipped with weapons , coppers that uphold public protection , aesculapian personnel , among others . 	the armed officers , the officers from the public security police force , and the nursing staff are exerting all of their energy to save the victims . 	3.6
dividends from the roughly 1,300,000 barrels of petroluem iraq sells every single day add up to 93 percent of iraq 's allowed expenditure . 	daily , iraq vends around 1.3 mil . oil containers that equal to 93 percent out of the income of the budget of the central administration located in the city of baghdad . 	4.2
yes , there is some news reported by the people and we received it with something of certainty that the six-party committee wants to form lists and form or re-form parties for the purpose of two things . 	yes , there is some news reported by the people and we received with something of certainty that the six-party committee paid to form lists and form or re-forming parties for the purpose of two things . 	4.2
however , some environmental groups have criticized the european food safety authority 's findings and have warned that the potato has a gene resistant to certain antibiotics . 	suggesting that these potatoes possess a gene that resists particular antibiotic drugs , a number environmental organizations have come down upon the food safety authority of europe ' s gathering , nonetheless . 	3.8
with the seeming result , where it is not possible to confirm or predict the ability of the saudis to achieve what has been failed by the yemeni armed forces against their countrymen , and yemeni forces - - logically are the most able to deal with them than others . 	where it is not possible to confirm or predict the ability of the saudis to achieve what is failed to the yemeni armed forces against their countrymen , and yemeni - - logically able to deal with them than others . 	4.4
were our side 's conditions better at this time last year on the evening before the conflict than they are today ? 	our situation at present is it more effective than it was one year in the past the evening of the war ? 	3.8
alouf benn pointed out in ha ` aretz that ehoud olmert and the qadima party , in addition to the theory of unilateral disengagement by israel , was the greatest failure of this military engagement . 	according to the thought of aluf benn in '' haaretz newspaper '' , the biggest loser in this war is ehud olmert and the '' kadima '' party , together with the one sided israeli withdrawal theory . 	4.2
and , dr. akeel , i stop with you at the foreign agendas to return to continue this issue after we stop with this break . 	and , i mean , the executioner stop with you at the foreign agendas to return to continue this issue after we stop with this break . 	3.2
29 july two thousand seven amman ( agence france-presse ) , the men 's team from saudi arabia earned first prize for the four by one hundred m sprint relay today ( sunday ) during the seventeenth asian championships in athletics ' final day hosted by jordan 's capital city , amman . 	amman 7 - 29 - 2007 ( a. f. p. ) - saudi men 's team won the gold medal in the 4 x 100 m relay today , sunday , on the final day of the 17th asian championships in athletics which were held in amman , the jordanian capital . 	4.8
in september , i will return to china . now , there are two places to work at . could you all help me to see which one suits me better ? 	there are two probable positions available when i turn back to china in september ; could any of you guys take a look at which one of these two is a better choice for me ? 	4.8
this , despite that there is the similar islamic orientation you share with the women , yes . 	this , there is no other than the women declared and the islamic representative , yes . 	3.4
not entirely . 	actually not . 	3.4
there was a large number of people at this community 's dining rooms and buffets from the attendees ; what merry nuptials they were ! 	attendees hurried to the area 's buffets and restaurants . what a wonderful wedding ! 	3.75
what if it was the case that you awoke one morning and were convinced that your existence had happened , from the absolute earliest instant up until the terminal , going the wrong way ? 	what if you are awakened one day and you are sure that your life went from start to finish in the wrong way ? 	4.8
emphasizing that this idea is foolish , at this moment and down the road , he demanded the congress not to cap the quantities of military personnel present in the iraqi republic . 	moreover , he requested from the congress hold back from determining the number of troops in iraq , pointing out that the concept is lacking good reasoning today and in the future . 	4.2
do they have time to wait for our success ? 	how many years will they hold tight to watch our success ? 	4
notwithstanding all this , president bush reaffirmed his trust in iraq 's premier nouri al maliki acknowledging that because the situation is difficult , he pardons him . 	in spite of this , president bush confirmed his faith in nuri al-maliki , iraq 's prime minister , mentioning that he is excusing him '' because it 's a tough condition . '' 	4.8
this is the first time that the big powerful arab states stood openly with israel in its war on an islamic-arab enemy . 	for the first time , major strong arab states publicly backing the state of israel in their battle with an moslem arab enemy . 	4.4
the shooter is stable and receiving treatment . 	the shooter is stable receiving treatment . 	5
this will be the first venture in china promptly put on the tse 's the first section . 	it became the first chinese corporation posted on tokyo stock exchange ( tse ) 's main board . 	4.2
the ministry asked that the officers of this group turn over the individuals who they take into custody to regular police forces that will execute their own examinations of the arrested . 	the police officers of that body were ordered by the ministry to turn over the individuals whom they apprehended to the regular law enforcement forces , who will examine them . 	4
retiring early and waking early facilitates an ordinary , smooth functioning of different biological operations in our bodies , and additionally you will regularly and cheerfully turn out in the a.m. . 	getting up early will make the biological rhythm of our body function ordinarily and gradually , we 'll wake up feeling fresh and comfortable in the morning . 	3.8
what is called today conventionally called `` egyptian-algerian crisis '' is nothing but a new attempt to spread division between the brothers . 	what is called today called `` egyptian-algerian crisis '' is nothing but a new attempt to spread division between the brothers . 	4.8
the low-cut open-back gold swimsuit weighs five hundred grams , selling for 10 million yen , 	the low-hanging gold swimming suit with a plunging back weighs five hundred grams , with an asking price of 10 million jpy . 	4
this is the most beautiful gift an old man can leave to the world . 	this is the most beautiful gift the elderly man passed to this world . 	4.8
in submission to the israeli dictations , clinton described what she called netanyahu 's details on curbing the settlement policy as an unprecedented step . 	in submission to the israeli dictations , clinton described what it called the netanyahu details on the settlement policy in the unprecedented step . 	4.4
guardian : kurds and al-maliki agree on sharing iraqi oil revenues 	the guardian : al maliki and the kurds arrive at a concession on the distribution of iraq 's oil dividends 	3.6
concurrently , he stressed the weight of the cooperation of the member states ; next week , the security council is set to talk over the report of serge brammertz . 	the study by serge brammertz is scheduled to be talked over the coming week by the united nations security council . at the same time , it emphasized the significance of collaborating with the nations that are members . 	4.2
are we in a better position today than we were a year ago on the eve of the war ? 	our situation at present is it more effective than it was one year in the past the evening of the war ? 	4
the statements of solidarity with the saudi government ( and not with yemen ) in its war against the `` aggressors '' the al houthis continue by most arab countries , including the palestinian authority in ramallah . 	continues the statements of solidarity with the saudi government ( and not with yemen ) in its war against the `` aggressors '' al houthis by most arab countries , including the palestinian authority in ramallah . 	4.6
currently this school has no phd program ; an advisor to master 's candidates is the highest level i would be . 	up to now they don ' t provide ph.d programs yet , so i can just work as an adviser of a master student . 	4.2
many people wonder on the occasion of the collapse of the berlin wall , about the time when the wall they called the israeli racist separation wall will fall , which is not similar and the link between the walls is a mistake . 	many people wonder on the occasion of the collapse of the berlin wall , about the time of the wall what they called the israeli racist separation wall , which is not and the link between the walls a mistake . 	4.8
furthermore , he mentioned as well that a retired friend of his purchased the bike at a yard sale by the road , and it was n ' t just a handout . 	in any case , he further claimed that that old-fashioned bike was purchased by his friend who is retired already at a yard sale along the curb , so it was not for free . 	4.4
the commission could not yet determine the nationality and the name of the individual who executed the act . 	up to this point , the forum was not able to determine the origin and the name of the individual who executed the assault . 	3
the melting of the ice bed started earlier than normal this season . 	this season ' s icy layer liquefied unseasonably early . 	4.2
palestinian president mahmoud abbas promised the release of more confirming that this is only the beginning . 	palestine 's president , mahmoud abbas , promised to set more free and also confirmed that this would only be the start of it . 	3.6
the dollar is worth 5.69 egyptian pounds . 	e # 5.69 equals one us dollar . 	4.4
the conference honored 131 shanghai famous brand products and services enterprises for 2006 , and carried out planning for the next stage of famous brand strategic promotion work . 	the meeting honored 131 reputable brand products and servicing companies in shanghai in 2006 , and claimed a blueprint to advance the renown brands strategy in the next step . 	4.6
burj dubai is expected to be completed next year , and is part of the many luxurious construction plans in dubai . 	estimated to be finished next year , burj dubai is one item amid copious magnificent city planning undertakings in dubai . 	4.2
6 . best nutrient -- vitamin e : scientific research shows that vitamin e can reduce the danger index for sunshine , ozone and tiredness to their lowest levels . 	vi . greatest vitamin - vitamin e : research that is systematic states that it can reduce exhaustion , ozone , and daylight hazard indexes . 	4
dr. hamza , the general mufti of saudi arabia , continued in his statement , the kingdom does not attack anyone , but it has the ability to deter all those who attacked it . 	dr. hamza , the general mufti of saudi arabia , in his statement , the kingdom does not attack anyone , but it has the ability to deter those who attacked it . 	5
i apologize to all my loved ones for not being responsive or for being late due to the limitation of three replies and one subject per day . almubasher_bilkhair@hotmail.com 	i 'm sorry to you all dear for the lack of correspondence with the responses or postponing them given to permitting 3 responses and 1 subject a day almubasher _ bilkhair @ hotmail.com 	4.8
issues for now : take care of them before speaking ; 	for things that are waiting to be dealt with at the moment , we had better do them before telling other people ; 	3.2
but the decline did not dominate the marketplace in general . 	yet the loss didn ' t occur over the entire market . 	4.4
tokyo 's ginza tanaka gold and jewelry company said that the hand-woven gold gown weighs 1.1 kilograms and is worth 30 million japanese yen ( about nt$ 8.06 million ) . 	tokyo 's ginza tanaka jewelry company stated that the hand-woven dress made of gold has a weight of 1.1 kilograms , with a value of 30 million yen ( around 8.06 million in nt dollars ) . 	4.4
but having different viewpoints changes not a thing ... and the best approach is often to take a different approach ! 	but the situation is not modified by the difference in view ... and often the preferred way is to alter the approach ! 	4.8
on top of the list of this wave of profits came urascom for construction which led the stock market to rise before and is now leading it to fall . 	heading the list of this surge of profit-making came orascom construction industries ( oci ) , which led to a rise in the stock exchange previously and is now pulling it down lower . 	4.6
the freeze decision did not include east jerusalem , which israel annexed in 1967 . 	the freeze decision did not include east jerusalem , which israel annexed in 1967 . 	5
and includes what happened between egypt and algeria for a match . 	and what happened between egypt and algeria for the match . 	4.2
the security officials were on the way back from the al-wade ` a border crossing between yemen and saudi arabia , said the witness who added that he was heading to the same place . 	the security officials were on the way back from the border crossing between yemen and saudi arabia , the witness added that he was heading to the same place . 	4.4
it understands that the world is not thus formed . 	it is understood that the world is not formed . 	4
without an improvement in the security conditions , extracting american forces '' would equal a disaster , '' he remarked . 	withdrawing american troops without incorporating an amelioration in the security situation '' would denote a calamity '' , he said . 	4.4
i can move forward in doing work on my present project . 	i may engage in my current research issues . 	3.8
a provisional declaration was prepared authorizing the un / a.u. to create a 26,000-person joint force of policemen & soldiers and authorizing the widespread use of force in order to defend civilians in dar-fur . 	a draft resolution allowing the formation of the united nations and african union force of 26 thousand soldiers and police , and that would allow a great use of authority to defend civilians in darfur had been prepared . 	4.6
huang huahua put forward a couple of suggestions to further succeed in the work of science and technology associations in the new period . 	huahua huang puts forward the following suggestions about how the china association for science and technology will further carry out work in the new era . 	4
altogether eleven people had been transported to the infirmary to treat minor injuries said london 's emergency services . 	as alleged by london ambulance service , altogether , 11 individuals were treated for mild harms and were sent to the hospital . 	4.6
9 . best cooling `` equipment '' - hand-held fan : though the fan is already an `` antique , '' its fitness effect is what any other modern cooling equipment cannot compare with . 	number nine . the best tool for lowering your body temperature -- the fan , since although it 's '' an old-fashioned item '' , modern tools for cooling your body in the summer cannot compete with it , with regard to keeping you healthy . 	4.2
throughout a presentation lasting greater than than an hour , nineteen shaolin athletes from china took turns getting onto the playing space and exhibiting their techniques . 	the 19 chinese kongfu boys took turns performing on the stage , during the show which lasted more than one hour . 	4
but the issue that will spontaneously change , and i think that it does not need an amendment in this regard , is the existence of the presidential council formed by the president of the republic and the two vice presidents : this council will change directly in the next election cycle to the president of the republic . 	but the issue that prevailed will automatically change , and i think that does not need an amendment in this regard , and the fact that the presidential council formed from the president of the republic and the this council will turn automatically in the next election cycle to the president of the republic . 	4.2
the 14 march christians continued to clarify the objections to the ministerial statement , despite what they consider improvements that were made . 	the 14 march christians continued to clarify the objections that took place on the ministerial statement , despite what they consider improvements were introduced . 	4.2
when i employed the remote control to put on the tv , the display indication light responded but did not become illuminated . 	when we use the remote to turn on the tv , the tv set indicator light goes on , but , the tv does not work . 	3.8
the court also found that newnham had been convicted of robbing stores almost annually for a period of nearly 36 years . 	furthermore , the trial court discovered that newnham was declared guilty on accusations of theft from shops for almost thirty six years on an annual term . 	4.6
auditors must set requirements for themselves based on the standards used to audit others . 	financial record reviews cadres need to cement to those doctrines financial records inspection cadres assign in auditing others . 	2.8
according to a previous agreement between seoul and pyongyang , south korea will deliver a total of 50,000 tons of heavy fuel oil within 20 days of delivering the first shipment of oil . 	conforming to what one of the earlier agreements by seoul and pyongyang said , throughout the twenty days after distributing the initial load of oil , the republic of korea are going to deliver a total quantity of fifty-thousand tons of fuel oil . 	4.2
and since it is a must that israel wins in the confrontation with the enemy , a tie equals a defeat . 	since it 's necessary that israel obtain victory in the encounter against its foe , this drawn battle becomes counted as a loss . 	4.75
everyone knows that iranian control over lebanon and the imminent american withdrawal from iraq will contribute to the collapse of moderate islam in the middle east and the control of the fundamentalists . 	everybody notices that iranian dominance over lebanon plus the expected departure by america from iraq is going to foster moderate islam ' s undoing in the middle east and the ascension of the fundamentalists . 	4.6
saudi sues demons for disturbing him . a saudi in the jazan region pressed charges against a group of demons that disturb and hurt him every day . 	a saudi sues the ginn in a charge of distressing him . a saudi stated that a jinn group are harassing and harming him all days in jazan district . 	4
and the capitalist system in its advanced stages , is in need of the state of citizenship , in which the individual enjoys it as a sacred entity to be able to participate in consumption , and so the capital can absorb as much as possible , and then have exploitation of the last drop of revenue , so that the human rights gain all this importance due to their economic feasibility more than due to the pure human value . 	and the capitalist system in its advanced stages , this is in need of the state of citizenship , in which the individual enjoys its sacred entity to be able to consumption , and the capital can absorb as much as possible , and the exploitation of the last drop of revenue , so that the human rights are all this importance to their economic feasibility more than to the naked human value . 	5
- nahr el-bared ( lebanon ) : sporadic clashes continue between the lebanese army and the fatah al-islam movement in the nahr el-bared palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon . 	- nahr al-bared ( lebanon ) : fighting continued to erupt intermittently between fatah al islam movement and the lebanese military in the palestinian refugee camp of nahr al bared in northern lebanon . 	4.4
after the elderly couple 's offer to spend the spring festival with them met with refusal , they took the initiative of lending their car to the youth . 	after the aging pair 's suggestion to him to celebrate the spring festival together with them was denied , the old pair actually took it upon themselves to lend out their vehicle to the young person . 	4.6
are we in a better position today than we were a year ago on the eve of the war ? 	were our side 's conditions better at this time last year on the evening before the conflict than they are today ? 	4.6
on charges of harassment , a saudi arabian files a lawsuit against genies . a saudi man in gizan province filed suit against a band of genies who intimidate and irritate him every single day . 	a saudi sues the ginn in a charge of distressing him . a saudi stated that a jinn group are harassing and harming him all days in jazan district . 	2.6
during the performance of more than one hour , 19 chinese shaolin athletes took turns in taking the stage and demonstrating their skills . 	throughout a presentation lasting greater than than an hour , nineteen shaolin athletes from china took turns getting onto the playing space and exhibiting their techniques . 	4.8
finding a path in one 's life 	find an avenue for our own life 	4.8
hard qigong contributed the visitors constant surprises at the the indestructible heroes that chinese martial arts created . a variety of chinese martial arts , including drunken fist , drunk sword , the martial art of tai-ji , and plum flower fist in awe the audience as a whole . 	drunkard 's boxing , drunkard 's sword style , the '' great ultimate '' style , and plum flower style made the entire audience entranced ; hard qigong made the people who were from alien lands marvel at the '' hard-headed arhats , '' trained in chinese kung fu ; 	3.6
the accuracy of this statement could not be verified from an independent source . 	this announcement originated with an independent source , and substantiating its precision has been impossible yet . 	3.8
and has this led to their absence or being made absent from working in these professions as a result of the non-existence of these specializations , so that they are also absent from the job market ? 	is that the reason for women not performing these professions as an effect of the lack of these majors , which is also why they 're absent from or kept out of the job market ? 	3
not exactly . 	actually not . 	3.8
number three - best type of soup - tomato soup ; tomato lycopene serves to take care of the organ that pumps blood . 	3 . the most excellent soup -- tomato soup : lycopene can help to defend against heart disease . 	4
as stated in a piece on taiwan ' s eastern television news internet site , the male senior , eighty five years old this year , was formerly named fu hei-han , but as an officer presumed the name to be uncouth as he enrolled in the army as a young man , he altered the name for him to fu hsing han with the desired understanding of '' inducing wealth in china 's world . '' although the alternative definition of the name made people mock him , he couldn ' t have cared less . 	based on taiwan eetv network , the original name of the old man who turns to be 85 years old this year was '' '' fu hei han '' '' . considered indelicate by the officer when he went into the army at younger age , the name of his was changed into '' fu xinghan '' , for the meaning of '' time of tranquilization and prosperity '' . even though puns of his name are made a joke once in a while , he is not bothered at all . 	4
2 . a professorship in a second-rate provincial university , with an accommodation subsidy of 150,000-200,000 and 50,000 in research funds . 	2 . instructor at a number two provincial university afforded 7.830 dollars in research project funds and residential support totaling 23.500 - 31.320 dollars . 	2.6
the fact is that the behavior of israel and the decline of the american position recently can be like the death sentence on the negotiations that have not started yet . 	the fact is that the behavior of israel and the decline of the american position recently can be like the death sentence on the negotiations have not started yet . 	4.8
a resolution allowing the formation of a force between the united nations and the african union made up of 26,000 soldiers and policemen has been prepared to allow the use of a large-scale force to protect civilians in darfur . 	a draft resolution allowing the formation of the united nations and african union force of 26 thousand soldiers and police , and that would allow a great use of authority to defend civilians in darfur had been prepared . 	4.2
in the city of tokyo today a jewel seller ' s store exhibited a shawl , bathing suit and gown to accompany it composed of one hundred percent gold thread . these items were produced by an atelier in the former capital , kyoto . 	in tokyo today , a jewellery shop displayed several swimsuits , dresses and evening scarves as their pairs which are made of pure gold threads and they were produced by a studio located in kyoto which was the ancient capital 	4.6
mr. majid excuse me , but unfortunately , the time 's up for the panorama file . 	we find a sharp hear us for the boycott , but unfortunately , this time the panorama file . 	2.2
however the part played by the state is weakened by the staging mechanism for the enrichment of the party , thus it is deprived of some validity . 	yet the way it is pointed , halts the role of the regime for the sake of the party , so it loses some of the credibility 	3.8
i used the remote control to turn on the tv set . there was reaction from the tv indicator light , but it did not turn on . 	when we use the remote to turn on the tv , the tv set indicator light goes on , but , the tv does not work . 	4.5
all writers will come to pass *** and time will preserve what their hands have written *** so write with your hand the best of books *** which you will be happy to see on judgment day . 	all writers shall cease to live * * * eternity will keep the things that they composed * * * so , make your hands create good books * * * in order for you to be pleased to encounter him at your time of rebirth . 	4.2
tse announced that it would officially place this organization on the market on the 8th of august . 	the tokyo stock exchange declared that this firm will be on the board of the bourse on 8th august officially . 	4.2
1 . chinese academy of sciences ; receiving the chance to be a participant of the hundred talents program , but i have no certainty that i ' ll surely receive the opportunity . 	1 . the chinese academy of sciences , where i would be trained and paid as the hundred people program , but i am not promised to obtain the job . 	3.8
on the 17th , two russian strategic bombers entered for a short period into british airspace . british raf jetfighters urgently flew to intercept them . 	during the 17th , 2 uk raf fighter planes promptly took to the air to intervene two tactical bombers from russia after they for a little while maneuvered near uk air space . 	4.2
on may 28 , the united states and iran conducted in baghdad the first official high-level talks between them since diplomatic relations were severed in 1980 . 	the earliest high-level authorized discussions between us and the government of iran since diplomatic relations broke off , were convened in baghdad on the 28 th of may . 	4.8
yi jianlian was selected sixth overall in the draft by milwaukee bucks . but , he did not want to play basketball there . recently , the matter was the talk of many people . 	lately , some news which has prompted much animated discussion is the situation where yi jianlian was picked as the sixth overall pick by the milwaukee bucks but refused to play there 	4.4
rockström said that when rich countries increase their consumption , they also accelerate the exploitation of the world 's national resources , with the result that they emit more greenhouse gases . 	according to rockstrom when developed countries increase the consumption , they are also accelerating to exploit natural resources worldwide , with increasing ghg emission as a result . 	4.2
the palestinian authority has demanded that the egyptian government stop broadcasting the hamas-affiliated `` al-aqsa '' satellite channel on nilesat . 	the regime of egypt was demanded by the palestinian authority to stop the airing of '' al-aqsa '' satellite channel connected with hamas on nilesat ! 	4.5
at the beginning of 1919 , the chinese envoy to the united states , wellington koo , attended the paris peace conference in paris as the chinese government 's plenipotentiary representative . 	at the beginning of 1919 , the chinese envoy to america , wellington koo , went to the french republic so as to join the paris peace conference as the plenipotentiary of the government of his own country . 	4.6
is the army rebuilding its force ? 	is the army working on reestablishing its power ? 	3.8
work areas for saudi woman ( absent specializations and wasted skills ) 	career prospects for females in saudi arabia - lacking specializations and unused qualifications 	3.4
in september , i ' ll be coming home ; right now there are 2 available vacancies for me . can folks help me see which one would be more suitable ? 	there are two probable positions available when i turn back to china in september ; could any of you guys take a look at which one of these two is a better choice for me ? 	3.4
it said that damascus supports a network that sends between 50 to 80 suicide bombers monthly to `` al-qaeda '' in iraq . 	a network supported by syria is sending from 50 to 80 suicide bombers per month to '' al-qa ` ida '' in iraq , he revealed . 	4.2
in 1918 , the four-year-long world war i came to an end . 	in the year of 1918 , the wwi , which lasted for four years , ended . 	4.8
and has this led to their absence or being made absent from working in these professions as a result of the non-existence of these specializations , so that they are also absent from the job market ? 	did this bring about her nonexistence or forbiddance from working in these employments as a consequence to the lack of existence of these expertises , so she was also unaccounted for from the job market ? 	4.4
women , whether iranian or foreign , have been required to wear the veil since the islamic revolution in the year 1979 , but recent years saw some relaxation , particularly with respect to wearing the veil . 	since the iranian revolution in the year of 1979 , iranians or from another state , all adult females , have been mandated to wear the veil , , especially when it comes to veil - wearing . 	3.6
but the staging method weakens the government 's role to the benefit of the party , so it loses some credibility . 	however the part played by the state is weakened by the staging mechanism for the enrichment of the party , thus it is deprived of some validity . 	4.4
they negotiate with israel , which builds more settlements , as the one who negotiates with a person eating from the same dish , then says to him let 's negotiate this food as well . 	negotiate with israel , which builds more settlements , as the one who negotiates with a person eat in the same dish , dish , then says to the almighty negotiate as well . 	3.6
during the trial , the public prosecutor said that the old , alcoholic thief had become homeless and committed the theft in order to return to prison . 	during the legal proceeding , the public prosecutor claimed that after the elderly , lush thief became homeless , he committed the theft so that he could return to penitentiary . 	4.4
according to aluf ben 's opinion in haaretz , the biggest loser in that war was ehud olmert and the kadima party , as well as the theory of unilateral israeli withdrawals . 	according to the thought of aluf benn in '' haaretz newspaper '' , the biggest loser in this war is ehud olmert and the '' kadima '' party , together with the one sided israeli withdrawal theory . 	4.2
the other suspect , a 31-year-old faces the possibility of his trial . two days after , a spanish frigate detained them both while they were leaving the ship for a small boat and brought them to spain . 	the other suspect , 31-year-old faces the possibility of his trial . two days after a spanish frigate detained monday while leaving the ship in a small boat and brought them to spain . 	4.2
the first thing , or the first goal is to split the votes . 	the first thing , or the first goal is to break the votes . 	4.4
the statement added , `` the overall result of the raid was the annihilation of no less than 25 apostates , between the dead and injured . '' 	the declaration stated , that the overall result of the attack was the assassination of no less than twenty five traitors , between the murdered and injured . 	4
the global clash of civilizations is going on right here on our soil before the eyes of the world . 	what is occurring hither on our terrain , before the eyes of the world , is the worldwide clash of civilisations . 	4.4
the statement , which appeared on a website used by islamists , said that al-qaeda fighters in islamic maghreb had attacked three army centers in the town of yakouren in tizi-ouzo . 	the announcement put up on a website on the www that is utilized by islamists reported that al-qa ` ida fighters from the countries of the islamic maghreb raided 3 heretical centers in the city of aekorn of tizi ouzou . 	4.2
the company 's spokesman said `` the dress and swimsuit can be worn like regular clothing , but should be treated as jewelry and should not be washed in a washing machine . '' 	a spokesperson for the company said , '' the dress in addition to the bathing suit , they can be worn as if they were typical apparel , but need to be minded in the same way as jewelry , and one cannot wash them using a washing machine . '' 	4.4
one step back , when the rookie contract expires in three or four years , he can certainly play basketball in other cities . 	in addition , after 3 or 4 years yi jianlian will be perfectly able to go to some other city and play ball , when the rookie contract ends . 	4.4
russian deputy minister of foreign affairs alexander grushko said that this move by britain has caused relations between the two countries to become directly confrontational . 	alexander grushko , russian deputy foreign affairs minister , said this action by the united kingdom made british-russian relations start down the path towards open confrontation . 	4.2
two years ago , a friend whom i had n't seen for many years found me , and said he wanted to do some business . 	2 years ago , an acquaintance whom i had not met with for a long time came to me , asserting that he wanted to run a business . 	4.6
the university is in the suburbs , the school district is average , with little margin in terms of choice of apartment . 	the university sits in the outskirts -- that suburb 's school district is less than ideal , and also , we would n ' t have many choices as far as finding a house . 	3.8
xinhua news agency , xining , sports , july , 9th ( reporter lu xueli ) - the upcoming sixth tour of qinghai lake international road cycling event has attracted the attention of many . 	xinhua news agency special sports wire , xining , 9 july , contributor xueli lü . the sixth tour of qinghai lake international road cycling race opens soon , and it has aroused lots of attention . 	4.2
the regional director of the world health organization in the kingdom said : `` the number of physicians who smoke reached , in some of the arab countries , more than 37 % of all physicians . 	over 37 % of the mass of medical practitioners in a few arab states are smokers . this is according to the statement of the regional director of the world health organization in the kingdom . 	4.6
will industrial and commercial departments dare to be `` supervised ? '' 	would mechanical or business divisions endeavor have supervision ? 	4.4
on may 28 , the united states and iran conducted in baghdad the first official high-level talks between them since diplomatic relations were severed in 1980 . 	on 5.28 , iran and the u.s. conducted their first high level state-sanctioned conversation since ceasing diplomatic relations in 1980 . 	4
number five - best beverage , heated tea . beverages that are frigid ' abilities to cool down are outpaced markedly by those of boiling tea ; there are no peers among drinks which assuage summer calidity . 	5 . the best beverage will be hot tea for the reason that hot tea does much better concerning cooling your body than other cold drinks and it 's one of the best iced drinks in summer . 	3.83333333333333
the audit employees should greatly temper its own internal management , keep the audit employees under careful oversight and of its own accord release aspects of its private economic auditing process . 	the audit bureaus need to continually strengthen inner regulation , strictly controlling the auditing team , and actively accepting outer examination and claiming inner financial situations . 	3.8
the world today , is an observer and we 're followed through various media . 	the world today , an observer and followed through the various media . 	4.2
a 74-year-old homeless thief achieved his sole wish which was to go back to prison for the following five years . 	at 74 years old , a homeless thief realized his single goal , which was to return to jail for the 5 upcoming years . 	4.6
in 1918 , the four-year-long world war i came to an end . 	ww1 lasted for 4 years and ultimately ceased in the year nineteen eighteen . 	4.8
dialogue language : english/french/mandarin chinese 	dialogue language : french / english / chinese mandarin 	4.8
the train 's 700 people , after being abandoned for 2 hrs , were led through the subway system to an area of safety . 	after got kept in the train for two hours seven hundred customers went through the tunnels and headed to a safe place under direction . 	4.4
i hope we will have the opportunity while we are still alive to report to you that they have started human experiments ! 	i wish that in our remaining years , i will have the opportunity to report the news for you , in which they perform the experimentation on human subjects . 	4.2
- cairo : an egyptian court will issue a decision on the possibility of the release for health reasons of egyptian opposition figure ayman nour , who has been imprisoned for one and a half year . 	- cairo : possibly setting free ayman abdel aziz nour , the person from the egyptian opposition , who has been locked up for one and a half years , will be the topic of an egyptian court-issued ruling . 	4.4
dialogue language : english/french/mandarin chinese 	the dialogue languages : english / french / mandarin 	4.8
the seven hundred passengers on the train , after being stranded for two hours , were guided through tunnels to safety . 	after got kept in the train for two hours seven hundred customers went through the tunnels and headed to a safe place under direction . 	4.4
and she explained that tehran has not yet reached the international community with its final response to the proposal to send weak uranium for treatment abroad . 	she explained that tehran has not yet reached the international community after its final response to the proposal to send the weak uranium for treatment abroad . 	4.8
it came to a head . on the afternoon of june/june 12 the al-qassam brigades had had it with this collaborator group 's continuation of its zionist and american plans to eliminate the islamic movement . 	in the afternoon of june twelfth al-qassam brigades outraged for the pursuance of the traitor coterie its zionism and american projects to get ride of the islamic movement . 	3.2
'' the outcome overall was that , encompassing the deceased and the wounded , no fewer than twenty-five infidels were smashed during the assault , '' the report added . 	the declaration stated , that the overall result of the attack was the assassination of no less than twenty five traitors , between the murdered and injured . 	3.4
it is set for the ensemble to depart from yemen to visit and show its abilities in jordan on the 26 th . 	the kung fu group is going to take off from the republic of yemen to the hashemite kingdom of jordan in order to keep on the visiting performance on the 26th day of this month . 	3.8
this success opens the door wide for a question about the lack of such specializations in universities , colleges and institutions in the kingdom . 	such achievements as these open wide the door to questions about such occupational fields which are absent from the institutions of higher education of saudi arabia . 	2.6
since the iranian revolution in the year of 1979 , iranians or from another state , all adult females , have been mandated to wear the veil , , especially when it comes to veil - wearing . 	following the muslim revolution in the year 1979 , women , either of iranian origin or foreigners , have been ordered to cover up with the hijab . nevertheless , recent years have viewed slackness especially regarding wearing the hijab . 	3.6
yes , mr. yahya al-amir , to what extent can the saudi experiment in confronting al-qaeda inspire in any other areas , whether in pakistan or afghanistan . 	yes , mr. yahya al-amir , to what extent can be inspired the saudi experience in the face of al-qaeda in any other areas , whether pakistan or afghanistan . 	4.8
for its part , the russian railways company said that the accident was caused by an act of sabotage . 	for its part , the russian railways company said that the accident was caused by an act of sabotage . 	5
i can work on my current research project . 	i may engage in my current research issues . 	3.75
to establish unsullied governance was the backbone of audit work , said he . 	the constructing of irreproachable administration is a lifeline for auditing work , he explained . 	3.2
our party has seen in imperialism and zionism and arab reactionarism the makers of the catastrophe with different roles . 	the opinion of our party in the imperialism and zionism and arab reactionary makers with different roles . 	2.8
from calls to revive the coptic era ( christian ) to calls to revive the pharaonic era . what a shame ! 	the calling to revitalize the coptic epoch is just as bad as the advocacy to revitalize ( the ancient egyptian ) epoch ... 	3.8
but with implicit threat that the electoral process will take another course if it is not signed into law by the presidency council , things are rising and the forces rejecting the democratic civil society organizations and unions , which call for changing the first article , and the third article , is widening day after day , and there are real threats by the governments of the region and a few forces to boycott the elections if the situation continues regarding the distribution of seats and the ration card . 	but with implicit threat that the electoral process will take another course if it did not sign the law by the presidency council , things are rising and the forces rejecting the democratic civil society organizations and unions , and call for changing the first article , and the third is widening day after day , but there are real threats by the government of the region and a few forces to boycott the elections if the situation regarding the distribution of seats and the ration card . 	4.6
things about others , say them carefully ; 	we had better be cautious saying anything about other people ; 	4.6
li jinhua hopes to see `` auditing organizations be audited '' before leaving his post . 	li jin-hua wished that he would observe '' agencies in charge of auditing are examined '' before he resigned his job . 	4.4
according to the documents of the agency , which the british newspaper article is based on iranian scientists conducted an experiment on the warheads with `` double internal explosion '' , which is an advanced technology classified as secret by the united states and britain . 	according to the agency , which is based on the documents by the british newspaper , iranian scientists conducted an experiment on the heads of `` double internal explosion '' , which is an advanced technology secret classified by the united states and britain . 	4.2
he explained that the attack took place in the khashm al-ain area in al-aber directorate in the north west of hadramaut . 	he explained that the attack took place in khashm al-ain in the directorate in the north west of hadramaut . 	4
xiao kejian , gu weijun 's good friend , was arrested by french police for organizing a strike in paris to fight for equal pay for equal work for chinese workers in france . 	v.k. wellington koo ' s good friend kejian xiao coordinated a strike in paris for the same pay for the chinese workforce in france and french law enforcement detained him . 	3.4
the pa demanded that egypt shuts down broadcasting alaqsa , which is connected to the islamic resistance movement , on nilesat . 	the regime of egypt was demanded by the palestinian authority to stop the airing of '' al-aqsa '' satellite channel connected with hamas on nilesat ! 	4.4
it is hurtful to the soul when you 've completed research , and want to enlighten the public opinion , and push it to the reader , if the authority of censorship stands watching without allowing this . 	it is hurtful to the same when completed research , wants to enlighten the public opinion , and push it to the reader , if the authority of censorship stands without expecting that . 	4
finding a path in one 's life 	in your life , find a way out 	3
the egyptian financial group - hermes also accomplished minor profits . their stock cost rose by 0.5 % to le 48.49 . 	also , egyptian financial group - hermes achieved small net profit , when its stocks increased by a 0.5 percent to reach 48.49 le . 	4.6
shoukry stated that shares of elsewedy cables have nearly doubled over the last 2 months , and hence , it 's all too familiar to observe this kind of inclination to go to auction . 	shukry declared , '' el-sewedy cables has increased the monetary value of its stock twofold over the past two months , subsequently it is logical to observe that high demand to sell . '' 	4.2
do they have time to wait for our success ? 	do they have time to see our success ? 	4
the 25-page published report said that the al-maliki government has achieved only eight out of 18 goals , including two rated as `` weak . '' 	the notice of twenty five pages designated that el malki 's government realized simply eight targets out of the eighteen , not to mention two with '' poor '' grades . 	4.2
yes , it is only an attempt to put a number on the awareness of corruption . 	yes , it is only an attempt to put the number on the awareness of corruption . 	5
the foreign ministry of democratic korea announced on july 6 that democratic korea will move towards closing and sealing their nuclear constructions in young poon after the arrival of the first shipment of fuel oil aid . 	once the democratic people 's republic of korea receives the 1st delivery of the fuel oil aid , they will move in the direction of closing down and locking up their nuclear facilities in yongbyon , democratic korea 's foreign ministry announced on the 6 of july of this year . 	4
in the course of being stranded in a traffic jam , frequently one sincerely yearns to be instantly transported to one 's destination . 	while people are stuck in gridlock and at a stand still , they usually wish to be capable of moving towards the location to which they wish to go , immediately . 	4.8
apparently , it 's a market - correcting process . obviously , it 's customary following the tides of superior achievement . 	evidently , it is a process of market correction and is normal following a high performance stage . 	4.2
huang huahua gave several of his sentiments on improving the endeavors of technological and scientific associations in the new era . 	huahua huang puts forward the following suggestions about how the china association for science and technology will further carry out work in the new era . 	4.2
in order to fight this habit , the kingdom has brought in a number of anti-smoking and anti-drug laws in order to protect society , including the death penalty for drug smugglers and the prohibition of drug-taking . 	to contend that tendency , the kingdom has authorized decrees to go up against tobacco and drugs including the infliction of the legalized killing against drug traffickers as well as blocking its use , for shielding the society . 	4.4
the new chief of staff is the right person for the right place . 	the chief of staff who was recently chosen is the correct individual at the right post . 	4.6
stardock aquarium desktop is not a currently popular aquarium screen saver . it directly changes your desktop into an aquarium . while you are at work , there is beautiful fish swimming on the desktop . 	although the stardock aquarium desktop isn ' t a popular aquarium screen saver , it will make your computer desktop look exactly the same as an aquarium . to be more specific , you are working on your pc ; meanwhile , you will see pretty fishes swimming on your desktop . 	4.2
he says the establishment of a clean and honest administration is the lifeline of audit work . 	to establish unsullied governance was the backbone of audit work , said he . 	4
e # 5.69 equals one us dollar . 	one us dollar equals 5.69 egyptian pounds . 	4.8
the tokyo stock exchange said that this company will be officially listed on the stock exchange on august 8th . 	tse announced that it would officially place this organization on the market on the 8th of august . 	4.4
do you agree on this view , given that lebanon , i mean , is among the countries that adopt banking secrecy ? 	do you agree on this proposal , given that lebanon , i mean , among the countries that depend on banking secrecy . 	4.2
this success opens the door wide for a question about the lack of such specializations in universities , colleges and institutions in the kingdom . 	those progresses offer a great opportunity to ask about those specializations absence in universities , colleges and institutes in the kingdom . . 	4.4
but the decrease has not dominated the market as a whole . 	yet the loss didn ' t occur over the entire market . 	4.4
although there are still papers to be published after i return to my country , they 're quite useless for the application to the hundred talents program . 	in spite of there being additional essays to put into print when i return to my nation , this brings no help while venturing to get into the '' hundred talents '' . 	3.6
i hope we will have the opportunity while we are still alive to report to you that they have started human experiments ! 	someday within our lives , let 's pray that we will have an occasion to tell to you the report : they have started to experiment on the human body . 	4.4
in its latest report , the commission concluded that the person named ahmad abu adass , who claimed responsibility for carrying out the assassination , has no connection to the assassination of hariri . 	in its latest statement the commission established that the individual called ahmed abu adas , who claimed credit for performing the targeted killing , hasn ' t any affiliation whatsoever with the targeted murder of hariri . 	4.8
senior robs bank . . only to return to jail . 	a financial institution is robbed by an elderly man , solely to return to prison . 	4.6
he was a hawker with a vehicle and the other a baker and came to me and asked me for 10000 rupees to buy flour and brought it to him on the same night to find him dead he was not from taliban or something other , and his vehicle was still standing in front of the store of the currency exchange . 	it was a hawker on a vehicle and the other and came to her and asked me 10000 rupees to buy flour and brought it to him in the same night to find him dead was not from taliban or other , and his vehicle was still standing in front of the solution of the exchange . 	4
they must fully bring into play the bridging and linking function of the association of science and technology organization as it works hard to promote social harmony . 	in order to help promote the establishment of a harmonious society , we have to make the china association for science and technology fully play its role as a bridge and a link . 	3.4
- riyad : while conducting a conventional consultative assembly session , naif bin abdel aziz , the interior minister of saudi arabia , , talks specifically about the record of terrorism of the '' astray group '' ( al-qaeda 's saudi offshoot ) . 	riyadh : minister of interior for saudi arabia naif bin abdul aziz specifically discusses the terrorism subject for '' the deviant group '' ( al-qaida 's wing in saudi arabia ) during a regular meeting at the consultative assembly . 	3.8
the foreign ministry of democratic korea announced on july 6 that democratic korea will move towards closing and sealing their nuclear constructions in young poon after the arrival of the first shipment of fuel oil aid . 	the ministry of foreign affairs for korean democratic confirmed on this july 6th , that democratic people 's republic of korea will pursue the closing and sealing its atomic establishments in yongbyon after the getting of the first shipment of fuel oil aid . 	4.6
( correspondent zeng weikang and press correspondent for guangdong science and technology assocation ) 	( correspondent weikang zeng with correspondent for the institution of science and technology of guangdong ) 	4.8
the closure of guantanamo camp , and this was a top priority for the president since the first week in the office . 	the closure of guantanamo camp me , and this was a top priority for the president since the first week in the office . 	4.75
mohammed al-sufi , and the details from nouakchott . 	al-sufi , and the details from nouakchott . 	4.4
or is it the result of a joint effort ? 	or does it result from an integrated endeavor ? 	3
it is not for nothing that europe sent a multinational force to southern lebanon and that the americans are employing every means left to them to support siniora 's government in beirut . 	europe did not send international troops into the south of lebanon and america is not using all that it has in order to support the siniora sovereignty in beirut without purpose . 	3.6
yi obviously is worse than yao and his team in regard to method of dealing with things and attitude , but we genuinely wouldn ' t like to see yi and his team become the second wang zhizhi . 	regarding position and method of dealing with problems , undoubtedly they are much inferior to yao 's group . we really do not want to see the fact that the group of yi has become the second wang zhizhi . 	3.8
- cairo : an egyptian court will issue a decision on the possibility of the release for health reasons of egyptian opposition figure ayman nour , who has been imprisoned for one and a half year . 	- cairo : egyptian court will take a decision on the potentiality of release on health grounds for egyptian opponent aymen nour who has spent a year and a half in prison . 	4.6
i laughed right when i heard his words . what can you do with ten thousand yuan ? 	at that , instantly i roared . what could you engage in with 10000.0 chinese yuan ? 	4.6
even more pertinent is that he has not proved his own strength on the nba court and is in no position to be haggling over terms with his boss . 	he has not proven his real ability in an nba basketball game , let alone in negotiating salary with the boss . 	4
yes , the details . 	yes , the details . 	5
conforming to what one of the earlier agreements by seoul and pyongyang said , throughout the twenty days after distributing the initial load of oil , the republic of korea are going to deliver a total quantity of fifty-thousand tons of fuel oil . 	south korea will be receiving a total of 50 thousand tonnes of heavy oil fuel in a twenty-days , in pursuance to a previous pact between seoul and pyongyang , after the first oil delivery . 	4.4
the audit body needs to further strengthen its internal management , keep the audit team under strict control , take the initiative in accepting outside supervision , and voluntarily publicize details of its internal financial audit . 	the audit bureaus need to continually strengthen inner regulation , strictly controlling the auditing team , and actively accepting outer examination and claiming inner financial situations . 	4
it pointed out that the channels carried by the satellite are being dealt with on a commercial basis , as long as the existing channels do not violate the conventional broadcasting conditions and limitations . 	it high lighted that long as channels , which are carried by satellite , do not violate the terms and regulations of the well-known transmission , they 'll be treated on a commercial basis . 	4.6
in your life , find a way out 	find an avenue for our own life 	2.6
but the decrease has not dominated the market as a whole . 	but the decline did not dominate the marketplace in general . 	4.6
in its latest report , the commission concluded that the person named ahmad abu adass , who claimed responsibility for carrying out the assassination , has no connection to the assassination of hariri . 	ahmad abu adas , who professed responsibility for carrying out the assassination of al-hariri , was revealed to be not involved in that plan according to the newest report by the committee . 	4.2
lately , some news which has prompted much animated discussion is the situation where yi jianlian was picked as the sixth overall pick by the milwaukee bucks but refused to play there 	at present , people are heatedly discussing the news that jianlian yi was selected by the milwaukee bucks as the sixth overall pick , but he wasn ' t willing to accept their offer . 	4.4
additionally , the court exposed the fact that over a 36 - year span , mr. newnham was convicted on shoplifting charges nearly each year . 	furthermore , the trial court discovered that newnham was declared guilty on accusations of theft from shops for almost thirty six years on an annual term . 	4.8
it revealed that somewhere around 50 to eighty suicide bombers are deployed monthly to the branch of al-qaida in the republic of iraq by a network which syria keeps up . 	a network supported by syria is sending from 50 to 80 suicide bombers per month to '' al-qa ` ida '' in iraq , he revealed . 	4.8
prime minister nouri al-maliki and the governor of the american state of california , the world star arnold schwarzenegger , discussed the possibility of creating a partnership between the iraqi universities and universities of the state of california . 	prime minister nouri al-maliki and the governor of the american state of california , the world star arnold schwarzenegger discussed the possibility of creating twinning between the iraqi universities and universities the state of california . 	4.4
2 . a professorship in a second-rate provincial university , with an accommodation subsidy of 150,000-200,000 and 50,000 in research funds . 	2 . a second-rate provincial college , instructor , a housing subsidy of 150,000-200,000 rmb , and a rmb 50,000 research project fellowship . 	3.6
the commission has as yet been unable to determine the nationality and name of the person who carried out the operation . 	up to this point , the forum was not able to determine the origin and the name of the individual who executed the assault . 	4.6
during the legal proceeding , the public prosecutor claimed that after the elderly , lush thief became homeless , he committed the theft so that he could return to penitentiary . 	during the tribunal , the da pointed out that the elderly who is addicted to alcohol burglar became outcast and went through with the theft in order to go back to jail . 	3.8
* in order to obtain a subscription to this service , please attach the following email to your messenger list * albeta ... @ yahoo.com * 	add this address to your messenger menu please , albeta * * @ yahoo.com to be part of in this service . 	4.2
someday within our lives , let 's pray that we will have an occasion to tell to you the report : they have started to experiment on the human body . 	i wish that in our remaining years , i will have the opportunity to report the news for you , in which they perform the experimentation on human subjects . 	4.4
newnham said that robbing the bank is much easier than managing his affairs and financing his retirement outside prison . 	it was indeed easier to steal from the bank , mr. newnham stated , than to put his matters and his retirement budgeting in order outside prison . 	4.8
soon the details started to float on how developed the war decision . 	soon the details started to float on how to develop the war decision . 	4.8
that , in my opinion , is the missing formula in the performance of the government and the party . 	in my standpoint , this is the missing part of the equation related to the administration of the party 's government ! 	3.8
these two factors lead to corruption . 	these two factors lead to corruption . 	5
could the tv be out of order ? 	has the tv been ruined ? 	3.6
it withstood the israeli military force but has lost a great deal of its power and has lost the element of surprise . 	it has already resisted in its confrontation with israeli military force , on the other hand it lost a great deal of its strength as well as the element of surprise . 	4.2
in september , i will return to china . now , there are two places to work at . could you all help me to see which one suits me better ? 	in september , i ' ll be coming home ; right now there are 2 available vacancies for me . can folks help me see which one would be more suitable ? 	4
staffers with the getting together governing body of the tour let slip that the level of subsistence presented via the citic conglomerate this time shall be like never before in the span of the the lake race . 	the committee of the international tour of qinhai lake bicycle rally stated that at this time citic group presented the largest financial support in the history of the game ever . 	3.2
the commission determined in its most current statement that the person who claimed responsibility for carrying out the assassination , named ahmad abu adas , does not have any affiliation in any way with the killing of hariri . 	al hariri 's execution had nothing to do with the person known as ahmad abu adas , who took to have committed for the manslaughter , as per the latest study by the commission . 	4.5
scientists specializing in physics from australia , as a gang , are increasing their work , at this very moment , so everybody ' s dreams materialize . 	at this moment , a group of australian physicists are speeding up their work to make our wish come true . 	4.4
but my friend had work to do and probably could not immediately return . i do n't think i can let it drag on for so long . 	however , this friend most probably isn ' t able to return just now since he has work to be finished ; unfortunately , it looks like i is prevented from delay these few days . 	3.8
at the beginning of 1919 , the chinese envoy to the united states , wellington koo , attended the paris peace conference in paris as the chinese government 's plenipotentiary representative . 	gu weijun , the ambassador for china to the united states , was among the officially authorized delegates representing the government of china near the beginning of 1919 at the paris peace conference . 	3.4
- nahr el-bared ( lebanon ) : sporadic clashes continue between the lebanese army and the fatah al-islam movement in the nahr el-bared palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon . 	-- naher al barid - lebanon : sporadic hostilities persist between lebanese military forces and the fateh el islam organization , in the nar el barad palestinian refugee encampment in in the north section of lebanon . 	4.6
10 . the best measures for keeping fit -- getting up and going to bed at regular times : on summer days , the sunshine lasts for a long time , it gets light early and gets dark late . 	no. 10 . the best measure for health care - - wake up and go to sleep at an established time : daytime is longer in summertime ; the sky becomes light early and becomes dark late . 	4.5
it is clear that this is a market correction operation and this is natural following waves of high performance . 	evidently , it is a process of market correction and is normal following a high performance stage . 	4.6
i was working here , and suddenly , a strong explosion took place and when i looked back , i saw a cloud of smoke covering everything , then the police came and a friend of mine was killed in this explosion . 	i was here , and suddenly , a strong explosion took place and when i looked back , i saw a cloud of smoke damage to everything , then the police came and a friend of mine was killed in this explosion . 	4.8
gaza , written by ashraf aboul - houl : 	gaza from ashraf abu al-houl : 	4.4
if you 're carrying a specific and certain opinion of a confirmed conviction , its impact will be direct on your life . 	if i was carrying a specific and certain opinion conviction , its impact will be direct to your life . 	4
the religious police are also subject to an investigation due to a raid campaign during which an asian woman fell from the fifth floor to her death last april in the holy mecca region . 	additionally , that devout law force is subject to examination in the wake of a raid in which an asian woman plunged to her death from the 5th floor in the region of the makkat al mukarramah . 	3.6
the israeli newspapers that were published yesterday devoted supplements to the one year anniversary of the july war , which covered the different aspects of this war and its repercussions on israel . 	the newspapers from israel which were published yesterday devoted supplements to the first anniversary of the second lebanon war , in which the numerous facets of this armed conflict and also its repercussions for the state of israel were discussed . 	3.8
currently a group of australian physicists are accelerating their work to realize everybody 's wish . 	at this moment , a group of australian physicists are speeding up their work to make our wish come true . 	4.4
( agence france-presse ) 7 - 17 - 2007 , city of washington d.c. - tuesday the department of state of the united states professed that washington is prepared to have additional face-to-face talks with the iranian government in regard to the conditions inside iraq . 	washington 7 / 17 / 2007 ( agence france presse ) - on tuesday the american department of state declared washington 's intention to renew the direct talks with iran concerning iraq 's situation . 	4.4
* we apologize for not answering any messages or inquiries through messenger . * 	pardon us that we could not return any of the messages or the inquiries through the messenger . 	4.4
mahmoud abdel samea , the oldest of the population , and the first to inhabit it , tells the story of the region , saying : `` it was pools of water in which the fishermen 's boats docked , then it dried up and fishermen started to fill it 50 years ago and build on it gradually ... and they did not have ownership documents until they were surprised by the decision of the supreme committee to evaluate and assess the lands , headed by mahmoud al-ajez , undersecretary of the ministry of housing , which estimated it at 500 pounds per square meter . 	tells mahmoud abdel samea , the oldest of the population , and the first of the story of the region , saying : was pools of water in which the fishermen 's boats , then dried and fishermen started to fill 50 years ago and build on it gradually ... and did not have ownership documents until they were surprised by the decision of the supreme committee to evaluate and assess the lands , headed by mahmoud al-ajez undersecretary of the ministry of housing , which meter estimated at $ 500 pounds . 	4.4
tokyo 's ginza tanaka gold and jewelry company said that the hand-woven gold gown weighs 1.1 kilograms and is worth 30 million japanese yen ( about nt$ 8.06 million ) . 	according to tanaka kikinzoku jewelry company at tokyo ginza , the handmade evening wears made of gold has a weight of 1.1 kg , with the price of 30 million jpy ( approximately eight million and sixty thousand new taiwan dollar ( ntd ) ) . 	4.2
and the conflict between these two systems did not dirty or pollute the spirits of the inhabitants of the two sides . 	and the conflict between these two systems did not dirties or pollute the spirits of the inhabitants of the two sides . 	5
gaza - from ashraf abu al-houl 	gaza from ashraf abu al-houl : 	5
speak of current things only after they have been accomplished . 	issues for now : take care of them before speaking ; 	4
olmert is in an assumed ditch , seeing that the risk of vinograd 's report looms in the near future and his rate of support is just about zeroed , and nasrullah is in a real hideout . 	nasrullah is in a veritable shelter and olmert is in a suppositive shelter where the level of backing for him equals almost zero and the danger of the winograd written document is visible on the horizon . 	4.4
in order to supplant the worker law , we 're in fact evaluating the cooperative civic occupational law , dr. nazif said . 	dr. nazif stated , '' we certainly suggest a unified civil service law to replace the employees statute . '' 	4
the cleanup of the site has been completed . 	now , the labor of cleaning up at the karaoke parlor is realized . 	3.6
neither the studies you chose please you , nor the profession you practiced pleases you , ... nor the wife you loved has made you happy , and nor the dreams you hanged on to have materialized ? 	neither the study you chose was liked by you , or you are satisfied with the business which you pursued , nor you are happy with the partner you cherish , nor were the ambitions you held on to accomplished . 	4
we want to assure you that our goal is to establish a palestinian state with real sovereignty and borders enabling the palestinian people to make its decisions independently . 	we want to assure you that our goal is to establish a palestinian state with real sovereignty and borders of the palestinian people to take its decisions independently . 	4.6
palestinian president mahmoud abbas promised the release of more confirming that this is only the beginning . 	mahmud abbas , the palestinian leader , promised to release an additional number asserting that this will be the outset . 	4.4
one . ultimate sauce - vinegar : destroys germs and relieves exhaustion . 	1 . the top condiment -- vinegar : it will assist you to diminish fatigue , also , it has particularly strong power of controlling the bacterium . 	3.4
not only that . he also said that the old bicycle was bought by a retired friend of his from a roadside yard sale and was not free . 	in any case , he further claimed that that old-fashioned bike was purchased by his friend who is retired already at a yard sale along the curb , so it was not for free . 	4.2
al-qaeda said that the fighters returned safely without any injuries to speak of among their ranks . 	al-qaeda related that the mujahideen have returned unmolested , with no serious injury to their members . 	4
the problem of settlement is considered one of the main obstacles to the resumption of negotiations between israel and the palestinians , which have stopped for about one year , and that washington is trying to with difficulty launching them once again . 	the problem of settlement is considered one of the main obstacles to the resumption of negotiations between israel and the palestinians , which have stopped for about one year , that washington is trying to the difficulty of launching them once again . 	5
at the same time , he asserted the importance of the cooperation of member states . the security council is set to discuss serge brammertz 's report next week . 	concurrently , he stressed the weight of the cooperation of the member states ; next week , the security council is set to talk over the report of serge brammertz . 	4.6
do they still have time to wait for us to earn money to let them have a good life and let them be proud of us ??? 	will they still have enough time to wait for us to become wealthy to help them live a happy life , and so they feel proud of us ? 	4.2
would mechanical or business divisions endeavor have supervision ? 	do the organs in charge of industry and commerce risk being '' controlled '' ? 	2
( 13 ) . 	( 13 ) . 	5
`` to forge the iron requires to have a strong body first '' , `` if you are not upright , how can you make other people upright . '' 	'' before forging steel , it 's compulsory that one temper one 's self . '' '' how can you require others to be sincere if you are dishonest yourself ? '' 	3.6
the women 's cultural association is one of the first public interest societies that was founded in kuwait and the first public association concerned with women 's issues and the society , and educating women on the one hand , as to their rights and duties of concern to the family in general . 	cheney women 's cultural is one of the first public interest societies was founded in kuwait and the first public associations concerned with women 's issues and the society , and to educate women on the one hand , the rights and duties of concern to the family in general . 	4
iran 's representative to the international atomic energy agency ali asghar soltanieh told reporters in vienna , `` we are facing the loss of confidence . '' 	he said iran 's representative to the international atomic energy agency ali asghar soltanieh told reporters in vienna , `` we are facing the loss of confidence . '' 	4.6
altunisik agreed that the bilateral relations will improve only with the regional developments . 	agreed that the bilateral relations will improve only with the regional developments . 	3.4
the melting of the ice bed started earlier than normal this season . 	during this season , the ice sheet thawed ahead of schedule . 	3.8
he just emailed that friend to ask him how much it cost . 	he emailed his comrade just now inquiring about the cost . 	4.4
we have come to live in a class society par excellence : judges , university professors , physicians , the police , the military , workers , teachers , etc . 	so that ultimately the community we live in comes to be mainly classified into career categories such as judges , scholars , doctors , policemen , military personnel , laborers , school teachers , and so forth . 	3.2
washington , 17.7.2007 , ( afp ) , the american foreign ministry announced on tuesday that washington was ready to conduct new direct negotiations with iran about the situation in iraq . 	( agence france-presse ) 7 - 17 - 2007 , city of washington d.c. - tuesday the department of state of the united states professed that washington is prepared to have additional face-to-face talks with the iranian government in regard to the conditions inside iraq . 	4
the sources said that the assassination plan that included participation by parties from outside iraq colluding with some of the security services is based on targeting al-hashemi when he was heading to the airport . 	the sources said that the assassination plan that participate in by parties from outside iraq and complicit in some of the security services based on targeting al-hashemi when he was heading to the airport . 	4
i asked what were his finances . 	i asked him how much money he now had for his business . 	3.8
palestine 's president , mahmoud abbas , promised to set more free and also confirmed that this would only be the start of it . 	mahmud abbas , the palestinian leader , promised to release an additional number asserting that this will be the outset . 	4.6
despite the fact that many people are ignorant of the effort made by the man . but i think that he is the only one who follows the right way . though this was not free from some mistakes and lapses . 	despite the fact that many people are ignorant of the effort made by the man . but i think that he is the only one who follows the right way . and that this was not free from some of the mistakes and lapses . 	5
according to a report from taiwan 's ettoday.com , the real name of the old man , who is 85-year-old this year , is `` fu heihan . '' when he was young and in the army , an officer considered the name vulgar , so helped him change it to `` fu xinghan , '' meaning prosperity for the chinese world . he does not mind at all , though the name is always being ridiculed for its homonym . 	as stated in a piece on taiwan ' s eastern television news internet site , the male senior , eighty five years old this year , was formerly named fu hei-han , but as an officer presumed the name to be uncouth as he enrolled in the army as a young man , he altered the name for him to fu hsing han with the desired understanding of '' inducing wealth in china 's world . '' although the alternative definition of the name made people mock him , he couldn ' t have cared less . 	4
one step back , when the rookie contract expires in three or four years , he can certainly play basketball in other cities . 	on further consideration in 3 or 4 years when his commitment as a rookie player comes to an end he could definitely go with a new team . 	4.6
nasrallah is in a real shelter while olmert is in an assumed one as the percentage of support he has is close to zero . the threat of the vinograd report is looming on the horizon . 	olmert is in an assumed ditch , seeing that the risk of vinograd 's report looms in the near future and his rate of support is just about zeroed , and nasrullah is in a real hideout . 	3.75
with the exception of several hundreds of egyptians who are still maintaining the brave resistance , in the media , universities and scattered parties as artists and intellectuals , the 80000000 have not woken up from a nap that 's paralyzed the body , soul , mind and heart ! 	with the exception of several hundreds of egyptians who are still on the brave resistance , in the media , universities and scattered parties , artists and intellectuals , 80000000 did not wake up from a nap paralyzed the body , soul , mind and heart ! 	4.4
at the inventory of one of the deeds among them it was found the value was 1471 acres in addition to the real estate , houses and commercial stores . 	at the pretext of one of them found the value of 1471 feddans in addition to real estate , houses and commercial stores . 	3.6
it 's valid that it was driven away off the border fence , but to the north of the litani river , it is entrenching and securing itself . 	it is right that it was pushed back off the borderline barrier , yet it is digging in and is securing itself to the north of the litani river . 	4.4
vi . greatest vitamin - vitamin e : research that is systematic states that it can reduce exhaustion , ozone , and daylight hazard indexes . 	no. 6 , the best nutrition would be vitamin e because research studies have shown that vitamin e could minimize the hazard index of the sunshine , trioxygen and fatigue . 	4
director of the international atomic energy agency representatives to the islamic republic of iran , olli heinonen , confirmed yesterday that the international atomic energy agency arrived at an compromise with teheran on the management manner for the negotiations respecting its nuclear project . 	leader of international atomic energy agency delegation to iran , olli heinonen said yesterday , that the agency concluded a mutual understanding with tehran on the way to manage talks depending upon its atomic program . 	4.2
li jinhua hopes to see `` auditing organizations be audited '' before leaving his post . 	prior to li jinhua relinquishing office , li jinhua longs to observe that the financial records review assembly is audited . 	4.4
the performance troupe is set to leave yemen on the 26th and head to jordan , where it will continue its performance visits . 	the kung fu group is going to take off from the republic of yemen to the hashemite kingdom of jordan in order to keep on the visiting performance on the 26th day of this month . 	3.8
but the most critical review was made by ben kaspit in maarif where he wrote : `` did we win in the war that erupted exactly a year ago or did we lose ? '' 	however the most harsh analysis is the analysis in maariv at the hand of ben kasbit . ben kasbit wrote : '' did we gain victory in the armed conflict that commenced three hundred and sixty-five days ago exactly , or , rather , did we lose ? '' 	4.4
cairo : funeral of egyptian billionaire ashraf marwan , son-in-law of deceased president gamal abdul nasser , who died in london in suspicious circumstances . 	cairo : egyptian billionaire ashraf marwan , son-in-law of late president gamal abdel nasser , who passed away in the british capital in fishy circumstances was buried . 	4.6
i asked him how much capital he had . 	i asked what were his finances . 	4.4
above this , burdens exist as the head of state is an octogenarian , with all due respect . and they are betting on the head of a young man . he does not have sufficient experience . 	above this burdens the head of the octogenarian all respect . and they are betting on the head of a young man . he does not have sufficient experience . 	4
according to a previous agreement between seoul and pyongyang , south korea will deliver a total of 50,000 tons of heavy fuel oil within 20 days of delivering the first shipment of oil . 	south korea will be receiving a total of 50 thousand tonnes of heavy oil fuel in a twenty-days , in pursuance to a previous pact between seoul and pyongyang , after the first oil delivery . 	4.2
a jeweler 's shop in tokyo displayed a swimsuit , dress and shawl to go with it made of pure gold thread today . these were made by a workshop in the ancient capital , kyoto . 	in the city of tokyo today a jewel seller ' s store exhibited a shawl , bathing suit and gown to accompany it composed of one hundred percent gold thread . these items were produced by an atelier in the former capital , kyoto . 	4.6
the egyptian financial group - hermes also achieved slight gains . its share price rose by 0.5 % to 48.49 pounds . 	also , egyptian financial group - hermes achieved small net profit , when its stocks increased by a 0.5 percent to reach 48.49 le . 	4.8
but i want to say that the that the american administration must always remember that the talk about the road map included an important right , which is to stop the settlement . 	but i want to say that the fact that the american administration must always remember that the talk about the road map included an important event , which is to stop the settlement . 	4.8
it pointed out that the channels carried by the satellite are being dealt with on a commercial basis , as long as the existing channels do not violate the conventional broadcasting conditions and limitations . 	it pointed out that its managing those satellite channels on a profit-oriented basis as long as accepted terms and conditions are not ignored by those operating channels . 	3.6
the 25 page long report asserted that out of the 18 goals , the government of al-maliki achieved only 8 , two of which were deemed '' weak . '' 	it was stated in the write up , released in twenty-five pages , that al-maliki 's regime accomplished only eight of eighteen objectives , 2 of which were scored '' weak '' . 	4.4
for matters that harm people , never say them ; 	harmful words : don ' t mention them ; 	4
contrarily , even given additional instances of good fortune , you could still lose them . 	on the other hand , you will let opportunities slip away , despite the fact that you 've got many . 	3.75
what if you woke up one morning and were convinced that your life had gone from the very first moment until the last in the wrong direction ? 	what if you are awakened one day and you are sure that your life went from start to finish in the wrong way ? 	4.2
performances like the `` hundred beasts compete for king '' , `` eighteen kinds of weapons '' and others have astonished the locals , while `` three heroes fighting lubu '' 	everybody watching the show were dazzled by the programs , called '' animals competing to be king of the beasts '' , '' skill in wielding the 18 kinds of traditional chinese weapons '' and so on . what 's more , '' three heroes combating lü bu '' . 	2.8
the parliament speaker nabih berri postponed the session of electing parliamentary committees to 10:30 a.m. next thursday morning on the 12th of november , due to the lack of quorum . 	the house speaker nabih berri postponed the session of electing parliamentary committees to 10:30 a.m. next thursday morning on the 12th of november , due to lack of quorum . 	4.6
my spouse has proposed that i take the first option since it has a higher starting point and the wages are acceptable for now ; furthermore , i still can take no . 2 supposing it doesn ' t pan out in the future . 	what my spouse has been recommending is that i try for number one : its starting point is going to be at a high level , the current terms of employment are decent , and in the future , if it doesn ' t work out , i could still go for number two . 	4.25
it came to a head . on the afternoon of june/june 12 the al-qassam brigades had had it with this collaborator group 's continuation of its zionist and american plans to eliminate the islamic movement . 	it came to a head . the al-qassam brigades had had it with this collaborator assembly 's furtherance of its zionist and american schemes to eliminate the islamic movement the afternoon of june 12th . 	4.8
al-qaeda said that the fighters returned safely without any injuries to speak of among their ranks . 	the mujahideen came back safely with no injuries mentioned among them , as declared by al qaeda . 	3
in order to fight this habit , the kingdom has brought in a number of anti-smoking and anti-drug laws in order to protect society , including the death penalty for drug smugglers and the prohibition of drug-taking . 	in order to defy this habit , the kingdom has enacted anti- tobacco and anti- narcotic laws for the citizens ' protection , including the employment of the death penalty against narcotics smugglers and a ban against taking narcotics . 	4.8
he stressed that there is `` nothing new '' in iranian activities during the pilgrimage on the day of standing at mount arafat . 	they stressed that there is `` nothing new '' in the iranian activities during the pilgrimage in the day of standing on mount arafat . 	4.6
revolutionists from korea and him bombed the hotel the delegates representing japan dwelt in , however . this rebellious undertaking prompted a press assault towards korea as well as china . 	however , the severe act that revolutionists from north korea and he placed a bomb at the hotel in which japanese delegation lived made north korea and china become blamed by the media . 	4.4
from calling for the revival of the coptic period to appealing for the reappearance of the ( pharaonic ) era . i just hope that things don ' t get any worse . 	the calling to revitalize the coptic epoch is just as bad as the advocacy to revitalize ( the ancient egyptian ) epoch ... 	3.4
he pointed out that both the british central bank and the canadian central bank have recently raised interest rates in order to keep inflationary expectations in check . 	the central banks of both britain and canada have increased interest rates in order to control the expectations of currency inflation . 	4.6
it needs to completely call into play the networking and bridging duties of technology and science associations and organizations and labor heavily on promoting unity in the collective ; 	in order to help promote the establishment of a harmonious society , we have to make the china association for science and technology fully play its role as a bridge and a link . 	3.2
uh . 	uh . 	5
an old man whose days were numbered called his children before him and told the story of his being helped by someone in the past , teaching his children and grandchildren to repay such person . 	an old fellow assembled his sons plus his female children , when he was approaching dying ; he revealed an account of how he was helped by someone , bidding his progeny to pay that individual back . 	4.5
5 . best beverage -- hot tea : hot tea is far better than cold drinks in lowering temperature . it is one of the best summer heat-relieving drinks . 	5 . the best beverage will be hot tea for the reason that hot tea does much better concerning cooling your body than other cold drinks and it 's one of the best iced drinks in summer . 	3.8
the low-hanging gold swimming suit with a plunging back weighs five hundred grams , with an asking price of 10 million jpy . 	the low-cut and backless bath suit made of gold weighs five hundred grams and values 10 million yen , the japanese dollar . 	4.4
valuing at jpy fifty million ( about 13.42 million new taiwan dollars ) , a quite unostentatious gold wall tapestry , which can be utilized to decorate the living room , is also being shown by the business . 	also this incorporation displayed a somewhat unnoteworthy gold wall hanging . it might be a sitting room 's adornment , retailing for 50 million japanese yen ( almost 13.42 million new taiwan dollars ) . 	4.2
last week there were three car bomb attacks that did not succeed in london and glasgow and britain merely one day ago demoted its terrorism - alert degree from '' critical '' to '' serious . '' 	london and glasgow have witnessed three failed car bombings last week . but , yesterday level of terror threat of the great britain just declined from severe to high . 	3.4
harmful words : don ' t mention them ; 	plans to harm people couldn ' t be discussed ; 	2.6
my apologies for the absence or postponement in replies , as it is because of the restriction of 1 subject and three replies per day . alumbasher _ bilhair @ hotmail.com 	i 'm sorry to you all dear for the lack of correspondence with the responses or postponing them given to permitting 3 responses and 1 subject a day almubasher _ bilkhair @ hotmail.com 	4.6
therefore , i call upon the citizens in general and metnis specifically to express their support for the lebanese army with democratic and courteous behavior according to the traditional regional practices . 	hence , i ask all citizens , and in particular metn population to show their backing to the military of lebanon in the civil and democratic way they used to in that area . 	4.4
do prosecuting authorities dare to be `` prosecuted ? '' 	does the audit office dare to be inspected occasionally ? 	2.2
he added ` we will demand that arrested people tell us where they bought their clothes and the hairdresser 's where they had their hair styled for us to close them ' . 	he further commented : '' we 'll demand that the women that have been apprehended disclose to us from which business establishments they got their clothing and at which beauty shops their hair was done , so that they can be closed . '' 	4.8
that is why i call on citizens in general and of metn in particular to show their support for the lebanese army by acting in a dignified and democratic manner as is their custom in this region . 	therefore , i call upon the citizens in general and metnis specifically to express their support for the lebanese army with democratic and courteous behavior according to the traditional regional practices . 	4.6
the guardian : al maliki and the kurds arrive at a concession on the distribution of iraq 's oil dividends 	the guardian : the kurds and the maliki were of the same mind on dividing the iraqi oil profits 	4.2
huang huahua put forward a couple of suggestions to further succeed in the work of science and technology associations in the new period . 	huang huahua gave several of his sentiments on improving the endeavors of technological and scientific associations in the new era . 	4.4
now that gave something very , i. 	now that gave something very , i. 	5
this new strain of genetically modified potatoes has been developed by basf group , a giant german chemicals company . 	the group basf , an immense german chemical firm , developed this most recent lineage of genetically changed potatoes . 	4.6
stuck in a long line of cars , unable to move , i often long to be able to teleport to the place i want to go . 	in the course of being stranded in a traffic jam , frequently one sincerely yearns to be instantly transported to one 's destination . 	4.6
later , my master embraced me to his chest , and i felt very soft and very warm . then , i rose to kiss my master 's forehead . 	some time later my mentor held me in an embrace and it made me really snug and exceedingly fuzzy . then i rose and landed a peck on the forehead of my guide . 	3.6
- why do we have a close relationship with long life , when we are sure in our knowledge that it will end all the same ? 	- why do we linked to a close relationship with long life , and we are sure knowledge that it will end are the same ? 	4.6
- baghdad : developments in the situation in iraq , where violent acts wasted the lives of 1,241 civilians in june in comparison to 1,951 in may . 	- baghdad : advancements in the state of affairs within the republic of iraq , in the place where vicious acts wasted the lives of 1,241 citizens in june contrasting with the 1,951 in may . 	4.8
significant numbers of their forces were lost and also they forfeited the ability to surprise . nevertheless , they endured israel 's military 's power . 	it has already resisted in its confrontation with israeli military force , on the other hand it lost a great deal of its strength as well as the element of surprise . 	4.2
how do you classify what happened ? 	how do you classify what happened . 	4.6
it is not for nothing that europe sent a multinational force to southern lebanon and that the americans are employing every means left to them to support siniora 's government in beirut . 	deployment of multinational forces in southern lebanon by the european countries wasn ' t unplanned while the americans are applying all means for bolstering saniora 's regime in beirut . 	4.4
even with all this , president bush remarked that he 's making excuses for the pm of iraq nouri kamal al-maliki due to the fact that '' the conditions are difficult '' and reaffirmed his belief in him . 	iraq 's premiere nouri al-maliki was given a reason by president bush , who expressed his trust in him , and he stated that the circumstances are difficult . 	3.4
saudi sues demons for disturbing him . a saudi in the jazan region pressed charges against a group of demons that disturb and hurt him every day . 	on charges of harassment , a saudi arabian files a lawsuit against genies . a saudi man in gizan province filed suit against a band of genies who intimidate and irritate him every single day . 	4.6
cairo : funeral of egyptian billionaire ashraf marwan , son-in-law of deceased president gamal abdul nasser , who died in london in suspicious circumstances . 	- cairo : the funeral of egyptian billionaire and son-in-law of the departed president gamal abdel nasser , ashraf marwan , who passed away under suspicious circumstances in london . 	4.6
the announcement put up on a website on the www that is utilized by islamists reported that al-qa ` ida fighters from the countries of the islamic maghreb raided 3 heretical centers in the city of aekorn of tizi ouzou . 	the pronouncement released that the mujaheddin of al qaeda in islamic maghreb countries attacked 3 stations of the apostates in city of aekorn in tizi ouzou , which was posted upon the web page used by islamists . 	4.6
the civil trial can make it possible to give a verdict of acquittal , and in this case , the administration could cancel the civil court . 	the civil trial can make it possible to give a verdict of acquittal , and in this case , the administration to cancel the civil court . 	4.4
or does it result from an integrated endeavor ? 	or should they be regarded as the outcome of attempts on the part of both sides ? 	4.6
otherwise , even given more opportunities , you can still lose them . 	contrarily , even given additional instances of good fortune , you could still lose them . 	4.4
the iranian kurdish refugees in al-waleed camp on the iraqi-syrian border sent a memorandum to the director of the high commission for refugees affairs daniel anders , demanding they expedite their cases and settlement in one of the american , north or south , or european countries . 	the face of the iranian kurdish refugees in al-waleed camp on the iraqi-syrian borders a memorandum to the director of the high commission for refugees affairs daniel anders demand through which to view their transactions and settlement in one of the american countries , north or south , or european . 	4.2
it is clear that this is a market correction operation and this is natural following waves of high performance . 	apparently , it 's a market - correcting process . obviously , it 's customary following the tides of superior achievement . 	4.6
his fingers , which were playing with the radio , stopped at the sound of music rising jumbled from one of the stations accompanied by a state of disturbing rustling . 	stopped his fingers , which were playing in the radio to the sound of music rising confused from one of the stations accompanied by a state of disturbing rustling . 	4.8
according to aluf ben 's opinion in haaretz , the biggest loser in that war was ehud olmert and the kadima party , as well as the theory of unilateral israeli withdrawals . 	alouf benn pointed out in ha ` aretz that ehoud olmert and the qadima party , in addition to the theory of unilateral disengagement by israel , was the greatest failure of this military engagement . 	4.2
whether or not obama proposes a peace plan , it is perhaps appropriate in the light of the repetition of the same scenario for the arab side to review all of the assumptions on the basis of which carried out the madrid peace process . the first is that israel wants a just and lasting peace , and that the extremist fundamentalist islam is what hinders peace alone , and that normalization encourages israel to continue the peace process . 	whether or not obama proposed a peace plan , it is appropriate in the light of the repetition of the same scenario for the arab side a review of all the muslim women carried out the madrid peace process on the basis of which , the first is that israel wants a just and lasting peace , and that the extremist fundamentalist islam is that hinders peace alone , and that normalization encourages israel to continue the peace process . 	4.2
to subscribe to this service please add the following address to your messenger list : albeta...@yahoo.com 	* in order to obtain a subscription to this service , please attach the following email to your messenger list * albeta ... @ yahoo.com * 	4.6
are hizbollah 's circumstances more advantageous presently than they were one year ago ? 	is hezbullah currently in a more favorable position than a year ago ? 	4.4
gaza : development in the situation in the gaza strip subject to hamas movement control after two israeli air raids result in the death of seven people . 	- from gaza : development of the circumstances in gaza strip controlled by hamas one day after the killing of 7 people by two israeli airstrikes . 	4.8
is it an ideological split or a political split ? 	where is an internal split political split . 	1.6
will they still have time to hold on for us to gain dough in order to let them have a exceptional life and make them proud of us ? 	will they still have enough time to wait for us to become wealthy to help them live a happy life , and so they feel proud of us ? 	4.6
this will be the first chinese enterprise to list directly on the tokyo stock exchange 's main board . 	this will be the first venture in china promptly put on the tse 's the first section . 	3.8
the audit body needs to further strengthen its internal management , keep the audit team under strict control , take the initiative in accepting outside supervision , and voluntarily publicize details of its internal financial audit . 	the audit employees should greatly temper its own internal management , keep the audit employees under careful oversight and of its own accord release aspects of its private economic auditing process . 	4
a 74-year-old homeless thief achieved his sole wish which was to go back to prison for the following five years . 	reverting to jail for the next five years was the single desire for the wanderer robber who is 74 years-old , which he achieved . 	4.8
last week three failed car bombings occurred in london and glasgow and yesterday britain had just lowered its security alert level from `` critical '' to `` severe . '' 	london and glasgow have witnessed three failed car bombings last week . but , yesterday level of terror threat of the great britain just declined from severe to high . 	3.4
- baghdad : developments in the situation in iraq , where violent acts wasted the lives of 1,241 civilians in june in comparison to 1,951 in may . 	baghdad : developments in the picture in iraq , where attacks claimed the lives of 1,241 private citizens during the month of june in contrast with 1,951 during the month of may . 	4.8
abdul rahim mallouh , the deputy secretary general of the popular front for liberating palestine ( pflp ) , headed the list of two hundred fifty-five detainees , that israel liberated yesterday as a signal of goodwill . 	abdul-rahim mallouh the deputy secretary general of the popular front for the liberation of palestine was on top of the set of the 255 incarcerated people who were liberated by israel yesterday as a sign of good intention . 	4.8
in its latest statement the commission established that the individual called ahmed abu adas , who claimed credit for performing the targeted killing , hasn ' t any affiliation whatsoever with the targeted murder of hariri . 	ahmad abu adas , who professed responsibility for carrying out the assassination of al-hariri , was revealed to be not involved in that plan according to the newest report by the committee . 	4
the article looks to the bombings as an attempt to weaken the position of prime minister nouri al-maliki in the next parliamentary elections in the country . 	the article looks to the bombings as an attempt to weaken the position of prime minister nouri al-maliki in the next parliamentary elections in the country . 	5
al-watan newspaper said that the religious police had been the subject of over twenty complaints in the year 2006 . 	al-watan declared that the devout police was the target of over 20 allegations in 2006 . 	4.4
. 	. 	5
this resulted in the outbreak of the massive `` may fourth '' movement in china . xiao kejian and others also protested in paris . 	in china , because of that , the massive '' may 4th '' movement broke out , and people like ke-jian xiao were protesting in the capital of france as well . 	4.4
everyone knows that iranian control over lebanon and the imminent american withdrawal from iraq will contribute to the collapse of moderate islam in the middle east and the control of the fundamentalists . 	everyone realizes that iran 's control of lebanon in addition to the expected u.s. withdrawal from iraq will cause the decline of moderate islam in the middle east and fundamentalism seizing control . 	4
the group basf , an immense german chemical firm , developed this most recent lineage of genetically changed potatoes . 	basf corporation , a renowned chemical company from germany , has done the research and developed these new genetically engineered potatoes . 	4.4
- riyadh : saudi interior minister nayif bin abd-al aziz discusses specifically the terrorism dossier of the `` astray group '' ( the saudi branch of the al-qaeda organization ) during an ordinary meeting of the consultative council . 	riyadh : minister of interior for saudi arabia naif bin abdul aziz specifically discusses the terrorism subject for '' the deviant group '' ( al-qaida 's wing in saudi arabia ) during a regular meeting at the consultative assembly . 	3.6
it is also true that the oil and gases contribute to this phenomenon , at a rate close to 14 percent . 	it is also true and also that the oil and gas contribute to this phenomenon , at a rate close to 14 percent . 	4.8
nasrallah is in a real shelter while olmert is in an assumed one as the percentage of support he has is close to zero . the threat of the vinograd report is looming on the horizon . 	nasrullah is in a veritable shelter and olmert is in a suppositive shelter where the level of backing for him equals almost zero and the danger of the winograd written document is visible on the horizon . 	4.4
shukri said : `` al-suweidi cables nearly doubled its share price over the past two months , which is why it is normal that we see such a rush to sell . 	shoukry stated that shares of elsewedy cables have nearly doubled over the last 2 months , and hence , it 's all too familiar to observe this kind of inclination to go to auction . 	3.6
all writers shall cease to live * * * eternity will keep the things that they composed * * * so , make your hands create good books * * * in order for you to be pleased to encounter him at your time of rebirth . 	all creators shall cease to exist , only history will save forever what their hands had prescribed . therefore , write the best your hands can offer that makes you happy in the resurrection to look at . 	3.8
despite all this , president bush confirmed his confidence in the iraqi prime minister , nuri al-maliki , and said that he is finding him excuses because `` the situation is tough . '' 	in spite of this , president bush confirmed his faith in nuri al-maliki , iraq 's prime minister , mentioning that he is excusing him '' because it 's a tough condition . '' 	4.4
i laughed right when i heard his words . what can you do with ten thousand yuan ? 	i laughed when i heard his words . '' what could you do with only 10,000 yuan ( chinese dollars ) ? '' i asked . 	4.6
the university is in the suburbs , the school district is average , with little margin in terms of choice of apartment . 	we will have limited choices for an apartment , because the university is in a suburb and it 's in one half of the school district . 	3.4
in fact , not long after , my friend opened a one-yuan shoe shine shop on a busy commercial street . 	sure thing it was n ' t very long until my confidant opened a 1-yuan shoe-shine store on a restless street corner . 	3.8
the newspapers from israel which were published yesterday devoted supplements to the first anniversary of the second lebanon war , in which the numerous facets of this armed conflict and also its repercussions for the state of israel were discussed . 	israeli press published yesterday , earmarked appendices on the occasion of the passage of one year on july war , in which it treated the numerous aspects for this war and its repercussions on israel . 	3.4
so , we are talking about the city which is usually scene of gravest kind of the negative repercussions for the deteriorating situation in afghanistan , and also in the tribal regions . 	so , we are talking about the city , which are usually more kind of the negative repercussions for the deteriorating situation in afghanistan , and also in the tribal regions . 	4.6
will industrial and commercial departments dare to be `` supervised ? '' 	do the organs in charge of industry and commerce risk being '' controlled '' ? 	4.4
abdul rahim mallouh , deputy secretary general of the popular front for liberating palestine , headed the 255 captives ' list , who were released yesterday by israel as a goodwill gesture . 	abdul rahim mallouh , the deputy secretary general of the popular front for liberating palestine ( pflp ) , headed the list of two hundred fifty-five detainees , that israel liberated yesterday as a signal of goodwill . 	4.8
it was indeed easier to steal from the bank , mr. newnham stated , than to put his matters and his retirement budgeting in order outside prison . 	newnham commented that the robbery of the bank is quite easier than taking care of his own affairs and sustaining his livelihood during his period of retirement away from prison . 	4
not exactly . 	not entirely . 	4
going to bed early and getting up early can help the various physiological rhythms in our body run tranquilly . we also wake up naturally and comfortably in the morning . 	getting up early will make the biological rhythm of our body function ordinarily and gradually , we 'll wake up feeling fresh and comfortable in the morning . 	4.4
the president of the republic is kurdish and there 's a shiite prime minister , but the situation is identical . 	the president of the republic of kurdish and a shiite prime minister , but the situation is . 	3
( correspondent weikang zeng with correspondent for the institution of science and technology of guangdong ) 	( reporter weikang zeng , a correspondent for guangdong association for science and technology ) 	4.2
'' before forging steel , it 's compulsory that one temper one 's self . '' '' how can you require others to be sincere if you are dishonest yourself ? '' 	'' if we want to pound iron , first we must be tough ourselves '' ; '' how can we correct anyone when we are wrong ourselves '' ? 	3.4
the source added that the remaining members of the armed islamist group were able to escape , while two in the ranks of the army fell wounded . 	and the source declared that the rest of armed islamic group followers were capable of fleeing away while two injured surrendered to the army ranks . 	3.2
johnson said that the global economy is performing very well , and the scene of prosperity is emerging globally . 	johns pronounced that the performance of global economy appears to be very good , having a booming vista worldly . 	3.8
the basis for it is the nature of the work , a job description which will help to restructure the governmental apparatus , even though the project is still in the research and study phase . 	it is based on the work category , facilitating the government rearrangement , although the scheme is after all in the phase of researches and studies . 	4.2
2 . instructor at a number two provincial university afforded 7.830 dollars in research project funds and residential support totaling 23.500 - 31.320 dollars . 	2 . a second-rate provincial college , instructor , a housing subsidy of 150,000-200,000 rmb , and a rmb 50,000 research project fellowship . 	2.6
such achievements as these open wide the door to questions about such occupational fields which are absent from the institutions of higher education of saudi arabia . 	those progresses offer a great opportunity to ask about those specializations absence in universities , colleges and institutes in the kingdom . . 	2.6
huang huahua stated that the past five years were five when guangdong witnessed rapid shift in its reform plus opening up along with the updating development , along with made glowing achievements . 	huahua huang stated that the past five years have seen the fast development of guangdong province 's reform , opening up and modernization drive and they also saw great achievements . 	3.8
the ministry asked the officers of this commission to deliver the persons whom they apprehend to the regular police forces , who will then question them . 	the police officers of that body were ordered by the ministry to turn over the individuals whom they apprehended to the regular law enforcement forces , who will examine them . 	4.4
armed police , public security police , medical personnel , among others , are making their best rescue efforts . 	producing their best rescue attempts are cops equipped with weapons , coppers that uphold public protection , aesculapian personnel , among others . 	3.6
amman 7-29-2007 ( afp ) - the saudi men 's team won the gold medal for the 4 x 100 meter relay race on sunday on the last day of the 7th asian athletics championship held in the jordanian capital amman . 	29 july two thousand seven amman ( agence france-presse ) , the men 's team from saudi arabia earned first prize for the four by one hundred m sprint relay today ( sunday ) during the seventeenth asian championships in athletics ' final day hosted by jordan 's capital city , amman . 	3.6
the performance troupe is set to leave yemen on the 26th and head to jordan , where it will continue its performance visits . 	it is set for the ensemble to depart from yemen to visit and show its abilities in jordan on the 26 th . 	4.2
a spokesperson for the company said , '' the dress in addition to the bathing suit , they can be worn as if they were typical apparel , but need to be minded in the same way as jewelry , and one cannot wash them using a washing machine . '' 	one representative from this company says that this formal dress and the bathing suit wear just like general costume , but they have to be treated as jewelries , and can not be put into washing machine to clean up . 	4.6
xiao kejian , gu weijun 's good friend , was arrested by french police for organizing a strike in paris to fight for equal pay for equal work for chinese workers in france . 	to fight for equal payment for equal work among chinese workers in france , an intimate friend of weijun gu , xiao kejian , organized strikes in paris and was caught by french policemen . 	3.75
why does there need to be an abundance of chinese people in the location he goes with ? 	for which reason will he exclusively have to go to a city in which there are a lot of chinese people ? 	4.4
neither the studies you chose please you , nor the profession you practiced pleases you , ... nor the wife you loved has made you happy , and nor the dreams you hanged on to have materialized ? 	you were not keen on the studies which you chose , neither the wife you fancied has compelled you to be happy , nor were you contented by the work you accepted , nor the ambitions you grasped on to were fulfilled ? 	4.6
he remarked that withdrawing american military forces without having effectively changed the security situation would embody a cataclysm . 	withdrawing american forces without an amelioration in the security situation '' would form a calamity '' , he mentioned . 	4
mustafa osman ismail , the sudanese president 's advisor , confirmed today ( sunday ) on the eve of the visit of a delegation from the chinese communist party to sudan , the importance of the sudanese-chinese relations in the political , economic and trade fields . 	mustafa osman ismail , the sudanese president 's advisor , confirmed today ( sunday ) on the eve of the visit of a delegation from the chinese communist party to sudan , the importance of the sudanese-chinese relations in the political , economic and trade fields . 	5
during the 17th , 2 uk raf fighter planes promptly took to the air to intervene two tactical bombers from russia after they for a little while maneuvered near uk air space . 	on 17th , two strategic bombers from russia were for a time close to the airspace of britain , so two attack aeroplanes of royal air force urgently got airborne to impede . 	4.4
the largest air maneuvers in iran entered their second phase as the iranian forces try electronic war technologies , in addition to the various types of aircraft and missiles to face any sudden attack targeting nuclear facilities and sensitive and important positions . 	the largest air maneuvers in iran entered its second phase and the iranian forces in electronic war techniques , in addition to the various types of aircraft and missiles to face any sudden attack targeting nuclear facilities and sensitive and important positions . 	5
shares of the suwaidi cable company , which is one of the best performing companies in the recent period , also fell by 3.8 % to close at a price of 77.50 pounds per share . 	alsuwadi cables co . , even though as of late it has been one of the most successful companies as of late , has also seen its shares drop 3.8 % and closed at 77.50 egp per share . 	4.2
the egyptian financial group - hermes also achieved slight gains . its share price rose by 0.5 % to 48.49 pounds . 	the egyptian financial group - hermes also accomplished minor profits . their stock cost rose by 0.5 % to le 48.49 . 	5
the british embassy in beirut confirmed that the remains that were found in the town of ayta al-fakhar near the borders with syria , next to an older site of the fatah revolutionary council , are the british journalist alec collett , and samples were taken to britain , where they proved consistent with what has been diagnosed in beirut . 	the british embassy in beirut confirmed that the remains that were found in the town of ayta al-fakhar near the borders with syria , in addition to the old site of the fatah revolutionary council , the british journalist , and samples taken to britain , where was consistent with what has been diagnosed in beirut . 	4.4
and what were the difficulties that you faced until reaching the membership of the advisory council ? 	and the leader of the difficulties that were exposed even reached the membership of the shura council . 	2
* those who would like to communicate with the website 's operating team can ** write to us through this form http://www.albetaqa.com/contact.php 	those wishing to reach our management may make use of the document found here to contact us http : / / www.albetaqa.com / contact.php 	4.2
the commission has as yet been unable to determine the nationality and name of the person who carried out the operation . 	the commission could not yet determine the nationality and the name of the individual who executed the act . 	4.8
washington , 17.7.2007 , ( afp ) , the american foreign ministry announced on tuesday that washington was ready to conduct new direct negotiations with iran about the situation in iraq . 	washington 7 / 17 / 2007 ( agence france presse ) - on tuesday the american department of state declared washington 's intention to renew the direct talks with iran concerning iraq 's situation . 	4
we have come to live in a class society par excellence : judges , university professors , physicians , the police , the military , workers , teachers , etc . 	to the extent that we surely reside at this time within a society made up of categories : justices , college professors , doctors , police officers , the armed forces , workers , teachers ... and what have you . 	4
the survey responded to all these questions . 	the poll resolved all those enquiries . 	4.6
the announcement of the reward appealed to pakistanis to help the government in arresting these people , as they are the killers of humanity , according to the government . 	the announcement of the reward appealed to pakistanis to help the government in arresting these people , as they are the killers of humanity , according to the government . 	5
he further commented : '' we 'll demand that the women that have been apprehended disclose to us from which business establishments they got their clothing and at which beauty shops their hair was done , so that they can be closed . '' 	arrested people will be asked to provide information on the stores from which they purchased their garments , and hair salons where they styled their hair , thus we can shut them down , he stated . 	4.2
the israeli newspapers that were published yesterday devoted supplements to the one year anniversary of the july war , which covered the different aspects of this war and its repercussions on israel . 	israeli press published yesterday , earmarked appendices on the occasion of the passage of one year on july war , in which it treated the numerous aspects for this war and its repercussions on israel . 	4.6
however , the rather extreme action he took together with korean revolutionaries in blowing up the hotel where the japanese delegation was staying turned china and korea into the objects of public discussion . 	revolutionists from korea and him bombed the hotel the delegates representing japan dwelt in , however . this rebellious undertaking prompted a press assault towards korea as well as china . 	4
lieberman warned that after the end of the freezing period `` israel will resume the policy of the previous governments so that the residents of the israeli settlements are able to live a normal life . '' 	lieberman warned that after the end of the freezing period `` israel will resume the policy of the previous governments so that the residents of the israeli settlements are able to live a normal life . '' 	5
an organized division precedes the random dismantling accompanying the human massacres and leads to the burning of what is left of iraq and the establishment of a dozen of small states and entities whose number may exceed the number of iraqi governorates . 	organized division precedes the dismantling of random accompanying the human massacres and leads to the burning of what is left of iraq and the establishment of a dozen of small states and entities may exceed the number of iraqi governorates . 	4.8
mentioning that it 's an unsound approach , now as well as down the line , he appealed to the senate and house to refrain from capping the numbers of forces in iraq . 	and he called on the congress put aside the restriction of the number of forces in iraq , mentioning that the notion lacks sapience today and in the future . 	3.8
a total of 11 people were taken to hospital for treatment due to minor injuries , said london ambulance service . 	altogether eleven people had been transported to the infirmary to treat minor injuries said london 's emergency services . 	4.8
from another point of view , the war strengthened the right and its leader benyamin netanyahu and also attempted to bring back barak into government . 	on the other hand , this war strengthened the position of the right and its leader benjamin netanyahu . moreover , it motivated ehud barak 's accession to government . 	4.6
however , this friend most probably isn ' t able to return just now since he has work to be finished ; unfortunately , it looks like i is prevented from delay these few days . 	notwithstanding , the pal has to work , and very likely he cannot return in a short time . i 'm afraid that it can ' t be delayed these days . 	4.6
6 . best nutrient -- vitamin e : scientific research shows that vitamin e can reduce the danger index for sunshine , ozone and tiredness to their lowest levels . 	no. 6 , the best nutrition would be vitamin e because research studies have shown that vitamin e could minimize the hazard index of the sunshine , trioxygen and fatigue . 	4.2
an old fellow assembled his sons plus his female children , when he was approaching dying ; he revealed an account of how he was helped by someone , bidding his progeny to pay that individual back . 	a dying elderly man called his sons and daughters to the bedside . he told them a story of himself , in which other men helped him out , and educated his own kids to repay those people for their kindness 	4
1 . the chinese academy of science : i would be trained under the one hundred person plan and would also be remunerated under the plan . however , there is no guarantee that i will get the position . 	1 . chinese academy of sciences ; receiving the chance to be a participant of the hundred talents program , but i have no certainty that i ' ll surely receive the opportunity . 	3.8
indeed , faouzi al benzarti did take a trip to the city of tripoli , along side his brother , sami , and ayman ( his son ) . 	indeed faouzi benzarti went to the city of tripoli , and was accompanied by ayman , his son and sami , his brother . 	4.6
in addition to the arrest of four people from one family , while the local authorities or the international security assistance force isaf did not comment on the incident . 	in addition to the arrest of four people from one family , while the local authorities or the international security assistance force isaf did not comment on the incident . 	5
a jeweler 's shop in tokyo displayed a swimsuit , dress and shawl to go with it made of pure gold thread today . these were made by a workshop in the ancient capital , kyoto . 	in tokyo today , a jewellery shop displayed several swimsuits , dresses and evening scarves as their pairs which are made of pure gold threads and they were produced by a studio located in kyoto which was the ancient capital 	4
from calls to revive the coptic era ( christian ) to calls to revive the pharaonic era . what a shame ! 	from calling for the revival of the coptic period to appealing for the reappearance of the ( pharaonic ) era . i just hope that things don ' t get any worse . 	4.4
this is the most beautiful gift an old man can leave to the world . 	it is the most admirable endowment an aged person may entrust to the world . 	4.4
- city of tehran : conversations with president of venezuela hugo chavez . 	- tehran : dialogue of venezuela 's president , hugo chávez . 	4.2
2 army members were seriously hurt , whereas the rest of the elements from the armed muslim organization ran away , the source went on to say . 	and the source declared that the rest of armed islamic group followers were capable of fleeing away while two injured surrendered to the army ranks . 	3.4
in order to defy this habit , the kingdom has enacted anti- tobacco and anti- narcotic laws for the citizens ' protection , including the employment of the death penalty against narcotics smugglers and a ban against taking narcotics . 	to contend that tendency , the kingdom has authorized decrees to go up against tobacco and drugs including the infliction of the legalized killing against drug traffickers as well as blocking its use , for shielding the society . 	4.6
throughout our land right here , societies ' worldwide clash has become a fact for all to observe . 	what is occurring hither on our terrain , before the eyes of the world , is the worldwide clash of civilisations . 	4.6
recognized in the conference were 131 commodities and services as shanghai ' s widely-known brand names from 2006 and put together preparatory measures for the next movements in the name - brand advertising strategy . 	the meeting honored 131 reputable brand products and servicing companies in shanghai in 2006 , and claimed a blueprint to advance the renown brands strategy in the next step . 	4.4
starring : xiu zongdi zongdi xiu , chen daoming daoming chen 	starring : zongdixiu and daoming chen . 	4.2
stuck in a long line of cars , unable to move , i often long to be able to teleport to the place i want to go . 	while people are stuck in gridlock and at a stand still , they usually wish to be capable of moving towards the location to which they wish to go , immediately . 	3.4
auditors must set requirements for themselves based on the standards used to audit others . 	an auditing executive needs to supervise themselves with the principle which is for . 	2.6
the company is also displaying a relatively inconspicuous gold wall tapestry , which can be used to decorate the living room , at a price of 50 million japanese yen ( about 13.42 million nt dollars ) . 	valuing at jpy fifty million ( about 13.42 million new taiwan dollars ) , a quite unostentatious gold wall tapestry , which can be utilized to decorate the living room , is also being shown by the business . 	4.8
shukri said : `` al-suweidi cables nearly doubled its share price over the past two months , which is why it is normal that we see such a rush to sell . 	shukry declared , '' el-sewedy cables has increased the monetary value of its stock twofold over the past two months , subsequently it is logical to observe that high demand to sell . '' 	4.4
europe did not send international troops into the south of lebanon and america is not using all that it has in order to support the siniora sovereignty in beirut without purpose . 	deployment of multinational forces in southern lebanon by the european countries wasn ' t unplanned while the americans are applying all means for bolstering saniora 's regime in beirut . 	3.2
at the same time , he asserted the importance of the cooperation of member states . the security council is set to discuss serge brammertz 's report next week . 	the study by serge brammertz is scheduled to be talked over the coming week by the united nations security council . at the same time , it emphasized the significance of collaborating with the nations that are members . 	4.2
this new strain of genetically modified potatoes has been developed by basf group , a giant german chemicals company . 	basf corporation , a renowned chemical company from germany , has done the research and developed these new genetically engineered potatoes . 	4.4
actually , so what if he goes to milwaukee ? there is no superstar there , but this is exactly his chance . 	actually , it is not a bad choice that he goes to milwaukee for the reason that there are no big star there . on the contrary , that is his opportunity . 	4.4
do prosecuting authorities dare to be `` prosecuted ? '' 	would those who bring suit against others venture to be charged in court ? 	4.8
newnham said that robbing the bank is much easier than managing his affairs and financing his retirement outside prison . 	newnham commented that the robbery of the bank is quite easier than taking care of his own affairs and sustaining his livelihood during his period of retirement away from prison . 	4.6
the chief of staff who was recently chosen is the correct individual at the right post . 	the newly appointed army chief of staff is the perfect person for the perfect position . 	4
this season ' s icy layer liquefied unseasonably early . 	during this season , the ice sheet thawed ahead of schedule . 	4.4
no , the party was dealt a severe hit to the military , yet looking at it from another side , it delivered a significant moral victory . 	the answer is no . meanwhile the bloc sustained an overly fierce military onslaught , it , nevertheless , attained a significant moral victory . 	4
and in this context , the talk is about a new mediation by ankara in the syrian-israeli peace negotiations and suspended the turkish mediation , that is suspended the turkish mediation between syria and israel since the war in gaza last year . 	and in this context , the talk about a new mediation to ankara in the syrian-israeli peace negotiations and suspended the turkish mediation , but suspended the turkish mediation between syria and israel since the war in gaza last year . 	4.6
armed police , public security police , medical personnel , among others , are making their best rescue efforts . 	the armed officers , the officers from the public security police force , and the nursing staff are exerting all of their energy to save the victims . 	4.2
what the international agency said in the latest report is that iran is legally committed to providing all the new information when making the decision to build the new facility . 	the international agency said in the latest report is that iran is legally committed to providing all the new information when making the decision to build the new facility . 	5
on further consideration in 3 or 4 years when his commitment as a rookie player comes to an end he could definitely go with a new team . 	in addition , after 3 or 4 years yi jianlian will be perfectly able to go to some other city and play ball , when the rookie contract ends . 	3.6
* those who would like to communicate with the website 's operating team can ** write to us through this form http://www.albetaqa.com/contact.php 	contacting with the website operating team , could be done by interacting with us using that paper : http : / / www.albetaqa.com / contact.php . this is for whoever is interested . 	4.6
the paris peace conference finally refused china 's just demand and decided that japan would inherit germany 's privileges in the jiaodong peninsula . 	in the end , china 's fair petition was declined by the paris peace conference , and the conference made a decision that germany 's special privileges in jiaodong peninsular was transferred to japan . 	4.2
he says the establishment of a clean and honest administration is the lifeline of audit work . 	the constructing of irreproachable administration is a lifeline for auditing work , he explained . 	3.2
the minister of finance , shall have the authority to grant exemption from debt if it does not exceed 500000 riyals in case the debtor died , and it 's legally proven that no legacy exists from which it can be claimed , or if the debtor were to prove his insolvency or bankruptcy by law , according to legal regulations . 	the minister of finance , the authority of exemption from religion if it did not exceed 500000 riyals in case the debtor died , and legally proven that no legacy can be consulted , or the debtor to prove his insolvency or bankruptcy law , according to legal regulations . 	4
what if you woke up one morning and were convinced that your life had gone from the very first moment until the last in the wrong direction ? 	what if it was the case that you awoke one morning and were convinced that your existence had happened , from the absolute earliest instant up until the terminal , going the wrong way ? 	4.6
the cleanup of the site has been completed . 	up till now on the location the cleaning work is already completed . 	4.6
in any case , to really believe in reform , we would believe in the human only . if we believe in the human and need for human development , we have to believe in political reform . 	in any case , to be really believe in reform , we believe in the human only , we believe in the human to human development , we have to believe in political reform . 	4.2
it would only be as a masters degree advisor . they still do n't offer doctorate degrees . 	up to now they don ' t provide ph.d programs yet , so i can just work as an adviser of a master student . 	4
10 . the best measures for keeping fit -- getting up and going to bed at regular times : on summer days , the sunshine lasts for a long time , it gets light early and gets dark late . 	10 . the measure that protects one 's health the best is that you need to turn in and get up at a firm time ; sunset comes at a late hour and daybreak shows up at an early hour in summertime . there is more daylight . 	4
for the first time , major strong arab states publicly backing the state of israel in their battle with an moslem arab enemy . 	it is the first time that big powerful arab countries stood in public beside israel in the fight against islamic - arabic enemy . 	4.5
at the same time , he highlighted the crucial part played by the cooperation of the member countries . the report of serge brammertz will be looked over by the security council next week . 	at the same time , he affirmed that joint efforts of member countries are important . furthermore , discussions concerning serge brammertz 's report by the security council have been scheduled for next week . 	4.8
the meeting comes today ( wednesday ) , at the request of the arab group in new york , which is supported by the non-aligned movement , which includes 118 members , for the discussion of the report in the assembly during the first week of november . 	meeting comes today ( wednesday ) , at the request of the arab group in new york , which is supported by the non-aligned movement , which includes 118 members , the discussion of the report in the assembly during the first week of november . 	5
at that , instantly i roared . what could you engage in with 10000.0 chinese yuan ? 	i laughed when i heard his words . '' what could you do with only 10,000 yuan ( chinese dollars ) ? '' i asked . 	4.8
is there a possibility that the telly is not working ? 	has the tv been ruined ? 	4.2
prior to li jinhua relinquishing office , li jinhua longs to observe that the financial records review assembly is audited . 	li jin-hua wished that he would observe '' agencies in charge of auditing are examined '' before he resigned his job . 	4
nuri al-maliki 's administration , according to that twenty five page long report , only attained 8 out of eighteen goals , with two of which rated as '' inadequate . '' 	the notice of twenty five pages designated that el malki 's government realized simply eight targets out of the eighteen , not to mention two with '' poor '' grades . 	4.6
the team of religious law enforcement officers was touched on in complaints over twenty times in two thousand six , the '' al watan '' news wrote . 	al-watan declared that the devout police was the target of over 20 allegations in 2006 . 	4
the low-cut open-back gold swimsuit weighs five hundred grams , selling for 10 million yen , 	the low-cut and backless bath suit made of gold weighs five hundred grams and values 10 million yen , the japanese dollar . 	4.6
the dollar is worth 5.69 egyptian pounds . 	one us dollar equals 5.69 egyptian pounds . 	4.8
the conference honored 131 shanghai famous brand products and services enterprises for 2006 , and carried out planning for the next stage of famous brand strategic promotion work . 	recognized in the conference were 131 commodities and services as shanghai ' s widely-known brand names from 2006 and put together preparatory measures for the next movements in the name - brand advertising strategy . 	4.8
the party organizations in the capital and most of the governorates have started a new kind of activity , that many comrades and organizations have noted , owing to its importance and necessity . 	the party organizations in the capital and most of the governorates have started a new qualitative activity , previously warned many comrades and organizations of its importance and necessity . 	4.4
the statement added , `` the overall result of the raid was the annihilation of no less than 25 apostates , between the dead and injured . '' 	'' the outcome overall was that , encompassing the deceased and the wounded , no fewer than twenty-five infidels were smashed during the assault , '' the report added . 	4.2
but as i think that this is the beginning , perhaps , and if it was in appearance only the kingdom has the right to defend itself , but it does not bode well , because of the history of this region and the difficulty of this region . 	but as i think that this is the beginning , perhaps , and if it was in a way that the kingdom has the right to defend itself , but it does not bode well , because of the history of this region and the difficulty of this region . 	4.4
it said that damascus supports a network that sends between 50 to 80 suicide bombers monthly to `` al-qaeda '' in iraq . 	it revealed that somewhere around 50 to eighty suicide bombers are deployed monthly to the branch of al-qaida in the republic of iraq by a network which syria keeps up . 	4.2
issues about others , discuss them cautiously ; 	we had better be cautious saying anything about other people ; 	4.6
the beginning of the actual political action on the way to achieving the national project for democratic change in syria . 	the beginning of the actual political action on the way to achieving the national project for democratic change in syria . 	5
things that are merry , mention them depending upon the situation ; 	we had better choose a proper occasion to tell happy stories to others ; 	4.4
but having different viewpoints changes not a thing ... and the best approach is often to take a different approach ! 	even so , the disparity in viewpoints doesn ' t change a thing pertaining to the problem ; and , in all likelihood , to alter the direction is the right way ! 	4.2
the russian foreign ministry said that the chances of reaching an agreement with iran over its nuclear program are still there , confirming that imposing new sanctions on iran is not suitable . 	the russian foreign ministry said that the chances of reaching an agreement with iran over its nuclear program are still there , confirming that imposing new sanctions on iran is not suitable . 	5
rockstrom stated as nation-states that are prosperous increase their consumption , they expedite the usage of the world ' s natural materials also , resulting in the emission of more gas that causes the greenhouse effect . 	according to rockstrom when developed countries increase the consumption , they are also accelerating to exploit natural resources worldwide , with increasing ghg emission as a result . 	4.4
from another point of view , the war strengthened the right and its leader benyamin netanyahu and also attempted to bring back barak into government . 	at the same time , the conflict bolstered the position of the right as well as their figurehead , benjamin netanyahu , and it helped ehud barak to go back to israel 's government . 	3.75
i can work on my current research project . 	i can move forward in doing work on my present project . 	4.2
he demanded that congress abstain from determining the number of forces in iraq saying that it is an idea lacking in wisdom today and in the future . 	moreover , he requested from the congress hold back from determining the number of troops in iraq , pointing out that the concept is lacking good reasoning today and in the future . 	4.6
v.k. wellington koo ' s good friend kejian xiao coordinated a strike in paris for the same pay for the chinese workforce in france and french law enforcement detained him . 	to fight for equal payment for equal work among chinese workers in france , an intimate friend of weijun gu , xiao kejian , organized strikes in paris and was caught by french policemen . 	3.6
yi jianlian was selected sixth overall in the draft by milwaukee bucks . but , he did not want to play basketball there . recently , the matter was the talk of many people . 	at present , people are heatedly discussing the news that jianlian yi was selected by the milwaukee bucks as the sixth overall pick , but he wasn ' t willing to accept their offer . 	3.8
doctor , yes , al-shobaki , the governing national party was held responsible for the weakness of other parties in that the national party imposes severe restrictions , the parties cannot move freely through them . 	doctor , yes , al-sharaa held the governor responsible for the weakness of the other parties that the national party imposes severe restrictions , the parties cannot move freely through them . 	4.6
in fact , not long after , my friend opened a one-yuan shoe shine shop on a busy commercial street . 	just as i had expected , before long , my friend opened a one dollar shoe-shine shop in busy downtown area . 	4
the authorities prevented the southern activists from organizing a demonstration in aden . 	the authorities also prevented the southern activists from organizing a demonstration in aden . 	4.6
it is true that it was driven away from the border , but it has entrenched and fortified itself to the north of the litani . 	it 's valid that it was driven away off the border fence , but to the north of the litani river , it is entrenching and securing itself . 	4
olli heinonen , the head of the international atomic energy agency delegation to iran , declared yesterday that the agency has reached an agreement with tehran on the method of conducting the negotiations pertaining to its nuclear program . 	director of the international atomic energy agency representatives to the islamic republic of iran , olli heinonen , confirmed yesterday that the international atomic energy agency arrived at an compromise with teheran on the management manner for the negotiations respecting its nuclear project . 	4.2
he made people understand the force of gratitude and the emotion behind paying someone back . 	he encouraged others grasp the energy of thankfulness and exciting nature of reciprocation . 	3.6
ultimately , this will quicken the momentum of desertification in sub-saharan nations in africa and additional regions of the world . 	it will speed up the progress of desertization of lands south of the sahara desert in africa and other domains worldwide at last , in this way . 	4.2
and since it is a must that israel wins in the confrontation with the enemy , a tie equals a defeat . 	since israel is requested to triumph in the confrontation with its foe , a tie parallels debacle . 	4.4
i have the treatment at the expense of the state , and when i came for the first time ... they told me , come tomorrow , after which tomorrow drags , and we get treatment only when almost losing our lives . 	i have with me the treatment at the expense of the state , and when i came for the first time ... they told me , and hatred , after which he answers , and we do not spend treatment only when our spirit . 	3.2
the organization of religious policemen is also under inspection subsequent to an assault in holy mecca last may during which an asian woman died after plummeting from 5 stories up . 	additionally , that devout law force is subject to examination in the wake of a raid in which an asian woman plunged to her death from the 5th floor in the region of the makkat al mukarramah . 	3.8
the commission was not yet able to pinpoint the native land and the name of the individual who carried out the act . 	up to this point , the commission wasn ' t able to determine the citizenship and the name of the individual who executed the attack . 	4.8
gu weijun , the ambassador for china to the united states , was among the officially authorized delegates representing the government of china near the beginning of 1919 at the paris peace conference . 	at the beginning of 1919 , the chinese envoy to america , wellington koo , went to the french republic so as to join the paris peace conference as the plenipotentiary of the government of his own country . 	2.6
the 25-page published report said that the al-maliki government has achieved only eight out of 18 goals , including two rated as `` weak . '' 	nuri al-maliki 's administration , according to that twenty five page long report , only attained 8 out of eighteen goals , with two of which rated as '' inadequate . '' 	4.6
this resulted in the outbreak of the massive `` may fourth '' movement in china . xiao kejian and others also protested in paris . 	this incited the game-changing campaign of the 4th of may to break out in the country . in paris , xiao kejian plus others also demonstrated . 	4
on top of the list of this wave of profits came urascom for construction which led the stock market to rise before and is now leading it to fall . 	foremost among this wave of profits is orascom construction which has led the exchange market up and is now leading it down . 	4
is the army rebuilding its force ? 	are the armed forces reconstructing their forces ? 	4.4
out of an original sum of 20 years , he put in eighteen . 	he spent eighteen years in jail out of his original twenty year sentence . 	4.2
no , the party has been dealt quite a major military blow , but from another point of view , it achieved an important moral victory . 	no , the party was dealt a severe hit to the military , yet looking at it from another side , it delivered a significant moral victory . 	4.2
othman described a proposal to postpone the elections in kirkuk , for one year , as the opinions of some deputies , not agreed upon , saying there 's likely to be an agreement on a consensus formula in the parliament session tomorrow , monday . 	othman described a proposal to postpone the elections in kirkuk , for one year , that the words of some deputies , not agreed on it , likely to be an agreement on a compromise formula in the parliament session tomorrow , monday . 	4.8
it is the most admirable endowment an aged person may entrust to the world . 	this is the most beautiful gift the elderly man passed to this world . 	4.2
and why not ? it is the ideal place for all kinds of conferences , including the conferences of financial corruption , transparency , and openness , and human rights conferences , and dialogue of religions and a refuge for all dissidents and refugees ... ! ... ! 	and why not , it is the ideal place for all kinds of conferences , including the conferences of financial corruption , transparency , and openness , and human rights conferences , and dialogue of religions and a refuge for all-hardan ... ! ... ! 	4
iraq sells approximately 1.3 million barrels of oil daily , whose returns constitute 93 % of the central government 's budget in baghdad . 	daily , iraq vends around 1.3 mil . oil containers that equal to 93 percent out of the income of the budget of the central administration located in the city of baghdad . 	4.6
grasshopper . 	grasshopper . 	5
why did he insist on going to a city that has a lot of chinese ? 	why does there need to be an abundance of chinese people in the location he goes with ? 	3
that ultimately speeds up the desertification of sub-saharan african countries and other parts of the world . 	it will speed up the progress of desertization of lands south of the sahara desert in africa and other domains worldwide at last , in this way . 	4.2
everybody notices that iranian dominance over lebanon plus the expected departure by america from iraq is going to foster moderate islam ' s undoing in the middle east and the ascension of the fundamentalists . 	everyone realizes that iran 's control of lebanon in addition to the expected u.s. withdrawal from iraq will cause the decline of moderate islam in the middle east and fundamentalism seizing control . 	4.6
therefore , connoisseurs have forecast before the affairs cannot be redeemed , the world needs to reduce the quantity of greenhouse gas discharges within at least ten years . 	hence , specialists already have calculated that before it 's final , the earth at a minimum has a span of 10 years to be able to lower the volume of emissions of greenhouse gases . 	3.6
this , and independent senator joe lieberman , head of the national security committee in the american senate , stressed that the shooting incident in fort hood military base in texas , which claimed the lives of 13 people is a terrorist incident . 	this , and independent senator joe lieberman , head of the national security committee in the american senate , stressed that the shooting incident in fort hood military base in texas , which led the life that claimed the lives of 13 people is a terrorist incident . 	4.5
the tokyo stock exchange said that this company will be officially listed on the stock exchange on august 8th . 	the tokyo stock exchange declared that this firm will be on the board of the bourse on 8th august officially . 	4.2
it would only be as a masters degree advisor . they still do n't offer doctorate degrees . 	currently this school has no phd program ; an advisor to master 's candidates is the highest level i would be . 	4.4
paris expressed its deep concern over these developments , praising the courage of `` all those who are struggling peacefully in iran in order to maintain their basic rights . '' 	paris expressed its deep concern over these developments , praising the courage `` all those who are struggling peacefully in iran in order to maintain their basic rights . '' 	5
that ultimately speeds up the desertification of sub-saharan african countries and other parts of the world . 	ultimately , this will quicken the momentum of desertification in sub-saharan nations in africa and additional regions of the world . 	4.6
1 . the chinese academy of science : i would be trained under the one hundred person plan and would also be remunerated under the plan . however , there is no guarantee that i will get the position . 	1 . the chinese academy of sciences , where i would be trained and paid as the hundred people program , but i am not promised to obtain the job . 	4
the list of released prisoners included 6 women and 11 minors . 	6 women in addition to 11 youngsters were listed on the account of freed detainees . 	4.6
the source added that the remaining members of the armed islamist group were able to escape , while two in the ranks of the army fell wounded . 	2 army members were seriously hurt , whereas the rest of the elements from the armed muslim organization ran away , the source went on to say . 	4.2
to subscribe to this service please add the following address to your messenger list : albeta...@yahoo.com 	add this address to your messenger menu please , albeta * * @ yahoo.com to be part of in this service . 	4.8
huang huahua said that the last five years were five years in which guangdong developed rapidly in reform and opening up , and modernization work , achieving outstanding results . 	huahua huang stated that the past five years have seen the fast development of guangdong province 's reform , opening up and modernization drive and they also saw great achievements . 	4.6
why did saudi arabia enter the war after it was announced that it was distancing itself from the internal affairs of yemen . 	why saudi arabia entered the war after it was announced that it is distancing itself from the internal affairs of yemen . 	4.4
i mean , we need to go back a little to analyze obama 's strategy in dealing with al-qaeda and defining the danger of terrorism and the great change that he made from the strategy of the previous republican administration . 	i mean , we need that we go back a little to dismantle the obama 's strategy in dealing with al-qaeda and know the danger of terrorism and the great change that about the strategy of the previous republican administration . 	4.2
showing taoming chen and zongdi xiu 	starring : zongdixiu and daoming chen . 	4.4
i asked him how much capital he had . 	i asked him how much money he now had for his business . 	4.2
dr nadhif said : `` we are in fact thinking of a single civil service law to replace the labor law . '' 	in order to supplant the worker law , we 're in fact evaluating the cooperative civic occupational law , dr. nazif said . 	3.2
despite all this , president bush confirmed his confidence in the iraqi prime minister , nuri al-maliki , and said that he is finding him excuses because `` the situation is tough . '' 	notwithstanding all this , president bush reaffirmed his trust in iraq 's premier nouri al maliki acknowledging that because the situation is difficult , he pardons him . 	4.4
xinhua news agency , xining , sports , july , 9th ( reporter lu xueli ) - the upcoming sixth tour of qinghai lake international road cycling event has attracted the attention of many . 	xinhua news agency , xining , 9 july , special sports dispatch ( lu xueli reports ) the coming sixth international cycling race around qinghai lake has drawn public attention . 	4.6
on the 17th , two russian strategic bombers entered for a short period into british airspace . british raf jetfighters urgently flew to intercept them . 	on 17th , two strategic bombers from russia were for a time close to the airspace of britain , so two attack aeroplanes of royal air force urgently got airborne to impede . 	4.6
last week three failed car bombings occurred in london and glasgow and yesterday britain had just lowered its security alert level from `` critical '' to `` severe . '' 	last week there were three car bomb attacks that did not succeed in london and glasgow and britain merely one day ago demoted its terrorism - alert degree from '' critical '' to '' serious . '' 	3.6
where the basis would be the position description , which would assist in rearranging this body of government , regardless of the plan being presently in its analysis and fact finding stages . 	it is based on the work category , facilitating the government rearrangement , although the scheme is after all in the phase of researches and studies . 	3.6
it withstood the israeli military force but has lost a great deal of its power and has lost the element of surprise . 	significant numbers of their forces were lost and also they forfeited the ability to surprise . nevertheless , they endured israel 's military 's power . 	3.8
this is the matter of those who benefited from opportunism beyond description and cowardly , drugged votes , it is difficult to describe to the extent that she volunteered and was a criminal tool in the hands of the one party , the baath party . 	is the matter of `` al-hola ' '' who enjoyed very narcotic votes , and opportunism is beyond description , and cowardly , it is difficult to describe to the extent that she volunteered and rendered as a criminal tool in the hands of one party , the baath leader . 	4
that , in my opinion , is the missing formula in the performance of the government and the party . 	that , in my conception , is the absent blueprint in the operation of the political organization and the government . 	4.4
even so , the disparity in viewpoints doesn ' t change a thing pertaining to the problem ; and , in all likelihood , to alter the direction is the right way ! 	but the situation is not modified by the difference in view ... and often the preferred way is to alter the approach ! 	4.2
the president set specific reasons for not to run for a second term . 	the president set specific reasons for not to run for a second term . 	5
observers of the iraqi issue consider that the tasks of the investigative committees are not free from risks , where the members of the investigative committees are often exposed to physical liquidation , what makes things more complicated , and therefore the doubt of the citizens increases on the usefulness of these committees . 	observers of the iraqi issue that the tasks of the investigative committees are not free from risks , where are often the members of the investigative committees to physical liquidation , what makes things more complicated , and therefore the doubt to the citizens on the feasibility of these committees . 	4
but this measure has turned at the present time to be qualitative more than random . 	but this measure turned in the present time to the quality of more than randomly . 	4.2
he encouraged others grasp the energy of thankfulness and exciting nature of reciprocation . 	he made people understand the power of gratefulness as well as the feeling of being touched by how people repay others for their kindness . 	4.4
starring : xiu zongdi zongdi xiu , chen daoming daoming chen 	showing taoming chen and zongdi xiu 	2.2
he said that withdrawing american forces without this being accompanied by improved security would be disastrous . 	withdrawing american forces without an amelioration in the security situation '' would form a calamity '' , he mentioned . 	4.2
the survey responded to all these questions . 	every single one of those inquiries were given a reply by the study . 	4.75
elsewhere , yemen and the united states signed an agreement to strengthen cooperation in the field of intelligence and training , according to what saba news agency reported . 	this , and yemen and the united states signed an agreement to strengthen cooperation in the field of intelligence and training , according to saba news agency reported . 	4.8
but my friend had work to do and probably could not immediately return . i do n't think i can let it drag on for so long . 	notwithstanding , the pal has to work , and very likely he cannot return in a short time . i 'm afraid that it can ' t be delayed these days . 	3.2
my husband suggested that i go to 1 because the starting point is higher , the current pay is alright , and if i ca n't make it there in future i can still go to 2 . 	what my spouse has been recommending is that i try for number one : its starting point is going to be at a high level , the current terms of employment are decent , and in the future , if it doesn ' t work out , i could still go for number two . 	4.6
he made people understand the force of gratitude and the emotion behind paying someone back . 	he made people understand the power of gratefulness as well as the feeling of being touched by how people repay others for their kindness . 	4.6
an old man whose days were numbered called his children before him and told the story of his being helped by someone in the past , teaching his children and grandchildren to repay such person . 	a dying elderly man called his sons and daughters to the bedside . he told them a story of himself , in which other men helped him out , and educated his own kids to repay those people for their kindness 	3.8
burj dubai is expected to be completed next year , and is part of the many luxurious construction plans in dubai . 	dubai tower which is expected to be complete in the coming year , is viewed as one chain of plentiful outlines for expensive constructions located in the city of dubai . 	3.6
one of my mates found me two years ago and i had n ' t come across him for many years , and asserted he would like to conduct some business . 	2 years ago , an acquaintance whom i had not met with for a long time came to me , asserting that he wanted to run a business . 	4.2
iranian foreign minister , manuchehr motaki , announced tuesday that a new meeting between iranian and american officials on iraq could be held in the `` near future , '' according to what iranian media said . 	according to what iranian media said , iranian minister for foreign affairs , manuchechr motaki , declared tuesday that another conference between american and iranian officials about iraq may be held in the '' impending future . '' 	4.6
he added , `` we must prevent this because they ( the children ) are the future of our world . '' 	he added , `` we must prevent this that they ( the children ) the future of our world . '' 	4.4
however , the rather extreme action he took together with korean revolutionaries in blowing up the hotel where the japanese delegation was staying turned china and korea into the objects of public discussion . 	however , the severe act that revolutionists from north korea and he placed a bomb at the hotel in which japanese delegation lived made north korea and china become blamed by the media . 	3.8
he pointed out that both the british central bank and the canadian central bank have recently raised interest rates in order to keep inflationary expectations in check . 	he also pointed out that to restrain inflation expectations , recently rates were increased by both the national bank of canada as well as uk 's central bank . 	4.8
especially after his announcement not to run for an additional presidential term , not as a maneuver , as he said . this was followed by a new threat through his inner circle of his possible resignation soon from the presidency of the authority , and even the presidency of the palestinian liberation organization . 	especially after his announcement of not to run for the additional presidential term is not a maneuver , as he said , to be followed by a new threat through his inner circle of his resignation from the presidency of the authority , and even the presidency of the palestinian liberation organization . 	4.6
actually , so what if he goes to milwaukee ? there is no superstar there , but this is exactly his chance . 	there is nothing wrong with going to milwaukee ; they have no v.i.p.s there ; but this is actually what makes up his chance . 	4
that , in my conception , is the absent blueprint in the operation of the political organization and the government . 	in my standpoint , this is the missing part of the equation related to the administration of the party 's government ! 	4.2
the first consideration is of this region in particular and its historical relationship between it and the saudi arabia border region with which it has contact . 	the first consideration of the region in particular and the historical relationship between it and the saudi border region . 	4.6
otherwise , even given more opportunities , you can still lose them . 	on the other hand , you will let opportunities slip away , despite the fact that you 've got many . 	4.6
and then comes the worst from the pulpits of mosques and satellite channels , there is a culture tantamount to a conspiracy and reaffirmation of the culture of the religious muslim racism . 	and there are the worst and from the pulpits of mosques and satellite channels , there is a culture of intrigue and consolidate the culture of the religious muslim racism . 	4.2
in their attitude and method of handling things , they are clearly not up to the level of the yao team . i really hope that the yi team does n't become the second wang zhizhi . 	yi obviously is worse than yao and his team in regard to method of dealing with things and attitude , but we genuinely wouldn ' t like to see yi and his team become the second wang zhizhi . 	3.8
johnson said that the global economy is performing very well , and the scene of prosperity is emerging globally . 	the view of prosperity now is coming forth globally , and the world economy is doing truly well , johnson stated . 	4.6
my husband suggested that i go to 1 because the starting point is higher , the current pay is alright , and if i ca n't make it there in future i can still go to 2 . 	my spouse has proposed that i take the first option since it has a higher starting point and the wages are acceptable for now ; furthermore , i still can take no . 2 supposing it doesn ' t pan out in the future . 	5
he added ` we will demand that arrested people tell us where they bought their clothes and the hairdresser 's where they had their hair styled for us to close them ' . 	arrested people will be asked to provide information on the stores from which they purchased their garments , and hair salons where they styled their hair , thus we can shut them down , he stated . 	4.4
al-watan newspaper said that the religious police had been the subject of over twenty complaints in the year 2006 . 	the team of religious law enforcement officers was touched on in complaints over twenty times in two thousand six , the '' al watan '' news wrote . 	4.2
ethiopia , for example , remains the main axis in the somali crisis . 	ethiopia , for example , remains the main axis in the somali crisis . 	5
once the democratic people 's republic of korea receives the 1st delivery of the fuel oil aid , they will move in the direction of closing down and locking up their nuclear facilities in yongbyon , democratic korea 's foreign ministry announced on the 6 of july of this year . 	the ministry of foreign affairs for korean democratic confirmed on this july 6th , that democratic people 's republic of korea will pursue the closing and sealing its atomic establishments in yongbyon after the getting of the first shipment of fuel oil aid . 	4.2
the iranian forces have announced the completion of the first phase of the maneuvers successfully , during which the locally-made fixed and mobile radar network were used , in addition to radars of model for early detection . 	the iranian forces have announced the completion of the first phase of the maneuvers successfully , during which the fixed and mobile radar network used homemade , in addition to radar for early detection of all its aspects . 	4.2
those wishing to reach our management may make use of the document found here to contact us http : / / www.albetaqa.com / contact.php 	contacting with the website operating team , could be done by interacting with us using that paper : http : / / www.albetaqa.com / contact.php . this is for whoever is interested . 	4
staff of the tour of qinghai lake organizing committee revealed that the level of the support given by citic on this occasion was the largest ever . 	the committee of the international tour of qinhai lake bicycle rally stated that at this time citic group presented the largest financial support in the history of the game ever . 	4.2
- baghdad : advancements in the state of affairs within the republic of iraq , in the place where vicious acts wasted the lives of 1,241 citizens in june contrasting with the 1,951 in may . 	baghdad : developments in the picture in iraq , where attacks claimed the lives of 1,241 private citizens during the month of june in contrast with 1,951 during the month of may . 	4.4
`` to forge the iron requires to have a strong body first '' , `` if you are not upright , how can you make other people upright . '' 	'' if we want to pound iron , first we must be tough ourselves '' ; '' how can we correct anyone when we are wrong ourselves '' ? 	4
it is believed that one of the achievements of the houthis , which they had sought is that they have succeeded in drawing the kingdom of saudi arabia into this war , which is what the brothers in saudi arabia should n't have had involvement in , 	it is believed that he is one of the achievements of the houthis , who had sought to him , is that they have succeeded in the kingdom of saudi arabia for this war , in order to take that nature , which is what the brothers in saudi arabia of involvement in it . 	3.4
the court also found that newnham had been convicted of robbing stores almost annually for a period of nearly 36 years . 	additionally , the court exposed the fact that over a 36 - year span , mr. newnham was convicted on shoplifting charges nearly each year . 	4.6
after the elderly couple 's offer to spend the spring festival with them met with refusal , they took the initiative of lending their car to the youth . 	after the elderly couple invited the young man to spend chinese new year with them and were rejected , they went so far as to freely lend the young man their own auto . 	3.6
the university sits in the outskirts -- that suburb 's school district is less than ideal , and also , we would n ' t have many choices as far as finding a house . 	we will have limited choices for an apartment , because the university is in a suburb and it 's in one half of the school district . 	2.5
as a result , china ' s just requests were turned down by the paris peace conference , and germany ' s restricted authority over the peninsula of shandong were transferred to the japanese . 	in the end , china 's fair petition was declined by the paris peace conference , and the conference made a decision that germany 's special privileges in jiaodong peninsular was transferred to japan . 	4
although there are still papers to be published after i return to my country , they 're quite useless for the application to the hundred talents program . 	even though i 'll publish my essays after i return from overseas , it won ' t help me in applying for the 100 people project . 	4
work areas for saudi woman ( absent specializations and wasted skills ) 	vocations open to a saudi woman -- neglected abilities and forgotten professions . 	4
most of these come from the developing world , which needs to increase the supply of electricity , if these countries want to get their citizens out of the circle of poverty . 	most of these come from the developing world , needs to increase the supply of electricity , if these countries wanted to get its citizens out of the circle of poverty . 	5
the neighborhood 's cafes and restaurants were visited by the guests . what a happy wedding ! 	attendees hurried to the area 's buffets and restaurants . what a wonderful wedding ! 	3.8
and this is what we saw in the explosion , which took place last wednesday , that targeted a market in the city of peshawar and today 's explosion targeted innocent civilians in front of one of the banks in the city of rawalpindi . 	and this is what we saw in the explosion , which took place last wednesday , that targeted a market in the city of peshawar today 's explosion that targeted innocent civilians in front of one of the banks in the city of rawalpindi . 	5
iraq sells approximately 1.3 million barrels of oil daily , whose returns constitute 93 % of the central government 's budget in baghdad . 	dividends from the roughly 1,300,000 barrels of petroluem iraq sells every single day add up to 93 percent of iraq 's allowed expenditure . 	4.2
it is true that it was driven away from the border , but it has entrenched and fortified itself to the north of the litani . 	it is right that it was pushed back off the borderline barrier , yet it is digging in and is securing itself to the north of the litani river . 	3.8
xinhua news agency special sports wire , xining , 9 july , contributor xueli lü . the sixth tour of qinghai lake international road cycling race opens soon , and it has aroused lots of attention . 	xinhua news agency , xining , 9 july , special sports dispatch ( lu xueli reports ) the coming sixth international cycling race around qinghai lake has drawn public attention . 	4
warnings have been given to 1.000 s of women , and 100s were arrested for not adhering to the religious dress regulations , subsequent to this campaign 's start in april . 	hundreds of females were stopped for not adhering to the '' legitimate '' gown , as a result to the alert instructions given to thousands of them in the start of april 's campaign . 	3.5
alexander grushko , russian deputy foreign affairs minister , said this action by the united kingdom made british-russian relations start down the path towards open confrontation . 	russian vice foreign minister alexander grushko states , the move of great britain has brought about an antagonistic relationship between russia and great britain . 	3.8
the new chief of staff is the right person for the right place . 	the newly appointed army chief of staff is the perfect person for the perfect position . 	3.6
during the performance of more than one hour , 19 chinese shaolin athletes took turns in taking the stage and demonstrating their skills . 	the 19 chinese kongfu boys took turns performing on the stage , during the show which lasted more than one hour . 	3.8
tehran : discussions with venezuelan president hugo chavez 	- tehran : dialogue of venezuela 's president , hugo chávez . 	4
it pointed out that its managing those satellite channels on a profit-oriented basis as long as accepted terms and conditions are not ignored by those operating channels . 	it high lighted that long as channels , which are carried by satellite , do not violate the terms and regulations of the well-known transmission , they 'll be treated on a commercial basis . 	4.2
going to bed early and getting up early can help the various physiological rhythms in our body run tranquilly . we also wake up naturally and comfortably in the morning . 	retiring early and waking early facilitates an ordinary , smooth functioning of different biological operations in our bodies , and additionally you will regularly and cheerfully turn out in the a.m. . 	4.6
3 . the best soup -- tomato soup : tomato lycopene has some function in protecting the heart . 	number three - best type of soup - tomato soup ; tomato lycopene serves to take care of the organ that pumps blood . 	4.75
a financial institution is robbed by an elderly man , solely to return to prison . 	the elderly loots the credit union ... simply to return to jail 	4.2
of course , fouzi al-benzerti did travel to tripoli accompanied by his son ayman and his brother sami . 	indeed faouzi benzarti went to the city of tripoli , and was accompanied by ayman , his son and sami , his brother . 	4.6
he just emailed that friend to ask him how much it cost . 	he had sent that friend an email to ask him how much he was charged , just a moment ago . 	4.2
-- naher al barid - lebanon : sporadic hostilities persist between lebanese military forces and the fateh el islam organization , in the nar el barad palestinian refugee encampment in in the north section of lebanon . 	- nahr al-bared ( lebanon ) : fighting continued to erupt intermittently between fatah al islam movement and the lebanese military in the palestinian refugee camp of nahr al bared in northern lebanon . 	4.6
huang huahua said that the last five years were five years in which guangdong developed rapidly in reform and opening up , and modernization work , achieving outstanding results . 	huang huahua stated that the past five years were five when guangdong witnessed rapid shift in its reform plus opening up along with the updating development , along with made glowing achievements . 	4.8
it seems many people are becoming increasingly narrow : they only know how to give requests ; they don ' t know how to reward others for their benificence . 	it appears that some people are becoming more and more narrow-minded which means they care only about taking something from others but give nothing back in return . 	4.4
the question now is whether the reasoning of the director of audit can be broadened somewhat . 	the crux of the matter right now is , is it possible that the auditing directors develop broader trail of thought ? 	4.4
heading the list of this surge of profit-making came orascom construction industries ( oci ) , which led to a rise in the stock exchange previously and is now pulling it down lower . 	foremost among this wave of profits is orascom construction which has led the exchange market up and is now leading it down . 	4.75
the global clash of civilizations is going on right here on our soil before the eyes of the world . 	throughout our land right here , societies ' worldwide clash has become a fact for all to observe . 	4.6
the view of prosperity now is coming forth globally , and the world economy is doing truly well , johnson stated . 	johns pronounced that the performance of global economy appears to be very good , having a booming vista worldly . 	3.6
at times like this , we need refined manners , that is , let your heart always knows gratitude ! 	nowadays , we in want of a a grateful attitude that is appreciated . 	3.6
alsuwadi cables co . , even though as of late it has been one of the most successful companies as of late , has also seen its shares drop 3.8 % and closed at 77.50 egp per share . 	also the stock certificates of el sewedy cables company , which is one of the best executing establishments in the current days , declined at a rate of 3.8 percent to end the session at a price of 77.50 egyptian pounds for each stock certificate . 	3.6
thus experts have predicted that before it is too late , the world has at least a decade to lower greenhouse gas emissions . 	hence , specialists already have calculated that before it 's final , the earth at a minimum has a span of 10 years to be able to lower the volume of emissions of greenhouse gases . 	4.4
since women suffer from a condescending view , according to the customs and traditions . 	since women suffer from a condescending view , according to the customs and traditions . 	5
that is why i call on citizens in general and of metn in particular to show their support for the lebanese army by acting in a dignified and democratic manner as is their custom in this region . 	hence , i ask all citizens , and in particular metn population to show their backing to the military of lebanon in the civil and democratic way they used to in that area . 	4.6
he demanded that congress abstain from determining the number of forces in iraq saying that it is an idea lacking in wisdom today and in the future . 	emphasizing that this idea is foolish , at this moment and down the road , he demanded the congress not to cap the quantities of military personnel present in the iraqi republic . 	3.8
and that president obama 's speech in cairo , said that it is time for these settlements to stop . 	and that president obama 's speech in cairo , said that it is time for these settlements to stop . 	5
to the extent that we surely reside at this time within a society made up of categories : justices , college professors , doctors , police officers , the armed forces , workers , teachers ... and what have you . 	so that ultimately the community we live in comes to be mainly classified into career categories such as judges , scholars , doctors , policemen , military personnel , laborers , school teachers , and so forth . 	4.2
1 . best seasoning - edible vinegar : helps you relieve tiredness and is very good in inhibiting bacteria . 	one . ultimate sauce - vinegar : destroys germs and relieves exhaustion . 	4.8
of course , fouzi al-benzerti did travel to tripoli accompanied by his son ayman and his brother sami . 	indeed , faouzi al benzarti did take a trip to the city of tripoli , along side his brother , sami , and ayman ( his son ) . 	4.25
why did he insist on going to a city that has a lot of chinese ? 	for which reason will he exclusively have to go to a city in which there are a lot of chinese people ? 	4.6
at 74 years old , a homeless thief realized his single goal , which was to return to jail for the 5 upcoming years . 	reverting to jail for the next five years was the single desire for the wanderer robber who is 74 years-old , which he achieved . 	4.8
are we capable of broadening out some the office of financial investigation director ' s course of thought becomes , at this moment , the discussion . 	the crux of the matter right now is , is it possible that the auditing directors develop broader trail of thought ? 	3
or is it the result of a joint effort ? 	or should they be regarded as the outcome of attempts on the part of both sides ? 	3.8
according to a report from taiwan 's ettoday.com , the real name of the old man , who is 85-year-old this year , is `` fu heihan . '' when he was young and in the army , an officer considered the name vulgar , so helped him change it to `` fu xinghan , '' meaning prosperity for the chinese world . he does not mind at all , though the name is always being ridiculed for its homonym . 	based on taiwan eetv network , the original name of the old man who turns to be 85 years old this year was '' '' fu hei han '' '' . considered indelicate by the officer when he went into the army at younger age , the name of his was changed into '' fu xinghan '' , for the meaning of '' time of tranquilization and prosperity '' . even though puns of his name are made a joke once in a while , he is not bothered at all . 	4.6
ww1 lasted for 4 years and ultimately ceased in the year nineteen eighteen . 	in the year of 1918 , the wwi , which lasted for four years , ended . 	4.6
according to what iranian media said , iranian minister for foreign affairs , manuchechr motaki , declared tuesday that another conference between american and iranian officials about iraq may be held in the '' impending future . '' 	in accordance with what the iranian news media cited , foreign minister of iran manouchehr mottaki announced on tuesday that a additional meeting between iranian and united states representatives on iraq might take place in '' the near future '' . 	4.8
dialogue language : french / english / chinese mandarin 	the dialogue languages : english / french / mandarin 	4.6
damascus gives aid to a faction accountable for delivering around fifty - eighty suicide-bomb '' martyrs '' each month to al qi ` ida in iraq , it expressed . 	according to him about 50 to 80 suicide terrorists are supplied each month to '' al-qaeda '' in iraq through an association fostered by damascus . 	4.6
guardian : kurds and al-maliki agree on sharing iraqi oil revenues 	the guardian : the kurds and the maliki were of the same mind on dividing the iraqi oil profits 	4.8
the issue therefore doesn ' t involve some sentiments that inflame waves of protest , but rather it centrally concerns a conception of the church 's function , its principles and its universal message . 	hence , this is not the issue of some beliefs that cause waves of opposition , but it pertains primarily to the concept of the task of the church , its faith and global vocation . 	3.8
the drunken boxing , drunken sword , taichi boxing , and mei boxing entranced the whole audience ; the hard qigong caused foreigners to exclaim with admiration over the hard head `` arhat '' molded by chinese martial arts ; 	hard qigong contributed the visitors constant surprises at the the indestructible heroes that chinese martial arts created . a variety of chinese martial arts , including drunken fist , drunk sword , the martial art of tai-ji , and plum flower fist in awe the audience as a whole . 	4
i used the remote control to turn on the tv set . there was reaction from the tv indicator light , but it did not turn on . 	when i employed the remote control to put on the tv , the display indication light responded but did not become illuminated . 	4.2
abdul rahim mallouh , deputy secretary general of the popular front for liberating palestine , headed the 255 captives ' list , who were released yesterday by israel as a goodwill gesture . 	abdul-rahim mallouh the deputy secretary general of the popular front for the liberation of palestine was on top of the set of the 255 incarcerated people who were liberated by israel yesterday as a sign of good intention . 	4.6
the french and iraqi ministers signed cooperation agreements in the fields of defense , culture and sciences in paris on monday , the first day of the visit of an iraqi delegation led by the country 's president jalal talabani . 	the french and iraqi ministers signed cooperation agreements in the fields of defense , culture and sciences in paris on monday , the first day of the visit of an iraqi delegation led by the country 's president jalal talabani . 	5
this imposed on the regime to consolidate and strengthen its repressive arsenal against an unarmed people who have only their firm belief in the inevitability of victory . 	this imposed on the regime consolidate and strengthen its repressive arsenal against an unarmed people have only his firm belief in the inevitability of victory . 	4.6
some people seem to become more and more narrow-minded , only thinking to take , not to reward others . 	it appears that some people are becoming more and more narrow-minded which means they care only about taking something from others but give nothing back in return . 	4.2
he pointed out that unknown gunmen threw a homemade bomb in the area of meezan chowk , which led to the injury of a number of passers-by and vendors . 	he pointed out that unknown gunmen threw a homemade bomb in the balance of chowk , which led to the injury of a number of passers-by and vendors . 	4.5
is the position of hezbollah today better than it was a year ago ? 	are hizbollah 's circumstances more advantageous presently than they were one year ago ? 	4.8
9 . best cooling `` equipment '' - hand-held fan : though the fan is already an `` antique , '' its fitness effect is what any other modern cooling equipment cannot compare with . 	nine . ultimate device to cool you down - fans : considered as ancient as an '' antique , '' , hand fans ' health end result is incomparable to any other modern equipment to cool you down . 	4.8
judge the setting before speaking about happy things . 	things that are merry , mention them depending upon the situation ; 	3.8
speak of current things only after they have been accomplished . 	for things that are waiting to be dealt with at the moment , we had better do them before telling other people ; 	4
two years ago , a friend whom i had n't seen for many years found me , and said he wanted to do some business . 	one of my mates found me two years ago and i had n ' t come across him for many years , and asserted he would like to conduct some business . 	4.6
the company is also displaying a relatively inconspicuous gold wall tapestry , which can be used to decorate the living room , at a price of 50 million japanese yen ( about 13.42 million nt dollars ) . 	also this incorporation displayed a somewhat unnoteworthy gold wall hanging . it might be a sitting room 's adornment , retailing for 50 million japanese yen ( almost 13.42 million new taiwan dollars ) . 	4.2
the accuracy of this statement could not be verified from an independent source . 	a detached tipster could not check out the cogency of this report . 	3.25
amman 7-29-2007 ( afp ) - the saudi men 's team won the gold medal for the 4 x 100 meter relay race on sunday on the last day of the 7th asian athletics championship held in the jordanian capital amman . 	amman 7 - 29 - 2007 ( a. f. p. ) - saudi men 's team won the gold medal in the 4 x 100 m relay today , sunday , on the final day of the 17th asian championships in athletics which were held in amman , the jordanian capital . 	4.4
and this matter requires perseverance and collective action and great efforts and a strong will on the part of women , and support and backing from the side of the liberal man who does not see objection that women occupy high positions in the government . 	and that this matter requires perseverance and collective action and great efforts and a strong will on the part of women and support and backing from the side of the liberal man who does not see objection that women occupy high positions in the government . 	4.8
staff of the tour of qinghai lake organizing committee revealed that the level of the support given by citic on this occasion was the largest ever . 	staffers with the getting together governing body of the tour let slip that the level of subsistence presented via the citic conglomerate this time shall be like never before in the span of the the lake race . 	2.8
this suffices . we must agree and vote on this deal and find an end to this issue , which lasted for a long time , and israel has to pay the price . 	this ask us approval , and vote on this deal and an end to this issue , which lasted for a long time , and israel has to pay the price . 	3.6
* we apologize for not answering any messages or inquiries through messenger . * 	* for not answering any messages and / or inquiries per the messenger service , we express remorse . * 	4.6
performances like the `` hundred beasts compete for king '' , `` eighteen kinds of weapons '' and others have astonished the locals , while `` three heroes fighting lubu '' 	and showings such as '' king of the beasts , , '' and '' 18 genres of martial arts of china '' intoxicated audience members ; whereas '' 3 champions combat lu-bu '' and 	4
not to mention that without demonstrating his competency on the n.b.a. court first off he 's unable to devise terms with his boss . 	he has not proven his real ability in an nba basketball game , let alone in negotiating salary with the boss . 	4
things about others , say them carefully ; 	issues about others , discuss them cautiously ; 	4.6
1 . best seasoning - edible vinegar : helps you relieve tiredness and is very good in inhibiting bacteria . 	1 . the top condiment -- vinegar : it will assist you to diminish fatigue , also , it has particularly strong power of controlling the bacterium . 	4.8
al-qaeda related that the mujahideen have returned unmolested , with no serious injury to their members . 	the mujahideen came back safely with no injuries mentioned among them , as declared by al qaeda . 	4.8
the issue therefore does not concern certain views which provoke waves of opposition but essentially relates to a vision of the church 's role , its doctrine and its international message . 	the issue therefore doesn ' t involve some sentiments that inflame waves of protest , but rather it centrally concerns a conception of the church 's function , its principles and its universal message . 	4.8
* for not answering any messages and / or inquiries per the messenger service , we express remorse . * 	pardon us that we could not return any of the messages or the inquiries through the messenger . 	5
3 . the best soup -- tomato soup : tomato lycopene has some function in protecting the heart . 	3 . the most excellent soup -- tomato soup : lycopene can help to defend against heart disease . 	4.2
the ministry asked the officers of this commission to deliver the persons whom they apprehend to the regular police forces , who will then question them . 	the ministry asked that the officers of this group turn over the individuals who they take into custody to regular police forces that will execute their own examinations of the arrested . 	4.4
he emailed his comrade just now inquiring about the cost . 	he had sent that friend an email to ask him how much he was charged , just a moment ago . 	4.2
you were not keen on the studies which you chose , neither the wife you fancied has compelled you to be happy , nor were you contented by the work you accepted , nor the ambitions you grasped on to were fulfilled ? 	neither the study you chose was liked by you , or you are satisfied with the business which you pursued , nor you are happy with the partner you cherish , nor were the ambitions you held on to accomplished . 	4.2
is that the reason for women not performing these professions as an effect of the lack of these majors , which is also why they 're absent from or kept out of the job market ? 	did this bring about her nonexistence or forbiddance from working in these employments as a consequence to the lack of existence of these expertises , so she was also unaccounted for from the job market ? 	3.4
the local daily ( ha'aretz ) newspaper reported that the security personnel in the factory used water cannons against the demonstrators in an attempt to disperse them . 	the local daily ( ha'aretz ) newspaper reported that the security personnel in the factory used water cannons against the demonstrators in an attempt to disperse them . 	5
the company 's spokesman said `` the dress and swimsuit can be worn like regular clothing , but should be treated as jewelry and should not be washed in a washing machine . '' 	one representative from this company says that this formal dress and the bathing suit wear just like general costume , but they have to be treated as jewelries , and can not be put into washing machine to clean up . 	4.8
would those who bring suit against others venture to be charged in court ? 	does the audit office dare to be inspected occasionally ? 	1.2
the palestinian authority has demanded that the egyptian government stop broadcasting the hamas-affiliated `` al-aqsa '' satellite channel on nilesat . 	the pa demanded that egypt shuts down broadcasting alaqsa , which is connected to the islamic resistance movement , on nilesat . 	3.8
sure thing it was n ' t very long until my confidant opened a 1-yuan shoe-shine store on a restless street corner . 	just as i had expected , before long , my friend opened a one dollar shoe-shine shop in busy downtown area . 	4
women , whether iranian or foreign , have been required to wear the veil since the islamic revolution in the year 1979 , but recent years saw some relaxation , particularly with respect to wearing the veil . 	following the muslim revolution in the year 1979 , women , either of iranian origin or foreigners , have been ordered to cover up with the hijab . nevertheless , recent years have viewed slackness especially regarding wearing the hijab . 	4.6
the regional director of the world health organization in the kingdom said : `` the number of physicians who smoke reached , in some of the arab countries , more than 37 % of all physicians . 	'' in several countries of the arab world , the rate of doctors who are smokers has climbed beyond 37 % of all physicians , '' saudi arabia 's regional director for the world health organization declared . 	4.6
he spent 18 years of a 20-year sentence in prison . 	out of an original sum of 20 years , he put in eighteen . 	4.8
the minority informed al-hariri saturday they 'd agreed to a national unity government formulation presented to it , which paved the way for the birth of the government after more than four months of hard negotiations around it . 	the minority informed saturday , al-hariri agreed to form a national unity government presented to it , which paved the way for the birth of the government after more than four months of hard negotiations around it . 	4.8
not only that . he also said that the old bicycle was bought by a retired friend of his from a roadside yard sale and was not free . 	furthermore , he mentioned as well that a retired friend of his purchased the bike at a yard sale by the road , and it was n ' t just a handout . 	4.75
since the beginning of this campaign in april , thousands of women have been cautioned and hundreds of them have been arrested for not abiding by sharia clothing rules . 	warnings have been given to 1.000 s of women , and 100s were arrested for not adhering to the religious dress regulations , subsequent to this campaign 's start in april . 	4
the religious police are also subject to an investigation due to a raid campaign during which an asian woman fell from the fifth floor to her death last april in the holy mecca region . 	the organization of religious policemen is also under inspection subsequent to an assault in holy mecca last may during which an asian woman died after plummeting from 5 stories up . 	4
however , some environmental groups have criticized the european food safety authority 's findings and have warned that the potato has a gene resistant to certain antibiotics . 	notwithstanding , the conclusion reported by the efsa is disapproved of by some green groups , and , they warned that this type of potatoes consisted of a gene which withstood the force of a certain kind of antibiotics . 	3.4
thus experts have predicted that before it is too late , the world has at least a decade to lower greenhouse gas emissions . 	therefore , connoisseurs have forecast before the affairs cannot be redeemed , the world needs to reduce the quantity of greenhouse gas discharges within at least ten years . 	4.2
the children are born , and they are believers in god almighty , without one informing them of the heavenly messages of god . 	the children are born , and they are believers in god almighty , without informing them of one of the heavenly messages of god . 	4.6
he said that withdrawing american forces without this being accompanied by improved security would be disastrous . 	he remarked that withdrawing american military forces without having effectively changed the security situation would embody a cataclysm . 	4
later , my master embraced me to his chest , and i felt very soft and very warm . then , i rose to kiss my master 's forehead . 	afterwards as my mentor gave me a hug into his arms , i had a pleasant and amiable feeling ; subsequently , i got up and gave a kiss on the brow of my teacher . 	4.6
financial record reviews cadres need to cement to those doctrines financial records inspection cadres assign in auditing others . 	an auditing executive needs to supervise themselves with the principle which is for . 	2.2
the source explained that three civilians , including a woman and a boy were injured by gunfire by unknown gunmen who targeted a small civilian vehicle they were driving near the southern villages towards bahraz ( 12 km ) south of baquba . 	the source explained that three civilians , including a woman and a boy were injured by gunfire by unknown gunmen who targeted a small city vehicle they were driving near the southern villages in bahraz ( 12 km ) south of baquba . 	3.6
for matters that harm people , never say them ; 	plans to harm people couldn ' t be discussed ; 	3.8
no , the party has been dealt quite a major military blow , but from another point of view , it achieved an important moral victory . 	the answer is no . meanwhile the bloc sustained an overly fierce military onslaught , it , nevertheless , attained a significant moral victory . 	4.6
this incited the game-changing campaign of the 4th of may to break out in the country . in paris , xiao kejian plus others also demonstrated . 	in china , because of that , the massive '' may 4th '' movement broke out , and people like ke-jian xiao were protesting in the capital of france as well . 	3.8
in their attitude and method of handling things , they are clearly not up to the level of the yao team . i really hope that the yi team does n't become the second wang zhizhi . 	regarding position and method of dealing with problems , undoubtedly they are much inferior to yao 's group . we really do not want to see the fact that the group of yi has become the second wang zhizhi . 	4.6
according to the source , the naval ships of the occupation forces floating in the region did not show any interest in the attacks that iraqi fishermen are subjected to . 	according to the source , the naval units of the floating occupation forces in the region did not show any interest in the attacks that iraqi fishermen are subjected to . 	4.4
at times like this , we need refined manners , that is , let your heart always knows gratitude ! 	at such times , respectable manners are needed , or rather , in your very being be thankfulness always ! 	4.2
on 5.28 , iran and the u.s. conducted their first high level state-sanctioned conversation since ceasing diplomatic relations in 1980 . 	the earliest high-level authorized discussions between us and the government of iran since diplomatic relations broke off , were convened in baghdad on the 28 th of may . 	3.8
this announcement originated with an independent source , and substantiating its precision has been impossible yet . 	a detached tipster could not check out the cogency of this report . 	2.4
and expressed his state 's readiness to cooperate with iraq in the agricultural and biological and other fields , in addition to the use of scientific technologies , which is owned by the state . 	expressed his readiness to cooperate with iraq in the agricultural and biological fields , and others , in addition to the use of scientific technologies , which is owned by the state . 	4.6
but the staging method weakens the government 's role to the benefit of the party , so it loses some credibility . 	yet the way it is pointed , halts the role of the regime for the sake of the party , so it loses some of the credibility 	4
is the position of hezbollah today better than it was a year ago ? 	is hezbullah currently in a more favorable position than a year ago ? 	4.8
the suffering of women ? 	therefore , i said the suffering of women . 	2.8
the paris peace conference finally refused china 's just demand and decided that japan would inherit germany 's privileges in the jiaodong peninsula . 	as a result , china ' s just requests were turned down by the paris peace conference , and germany ' s restricted authority over the peninsula of shandong were transferred to the japanese . 	3.2
but the most critical review was made by ben kaspit in maarif where he wrote : `` did we win in the war that erupted exactly a year ago or did we lose ? '' 	nevertheless , the most critical review is that one which was conducted by benn kespit in '' maariv '' , as he wrote : '' did we gain victory in the war that flared up exactly since one year , or we lost it ? 	4.4
the seven hundred passengers on the train , after being stranded for two hours , were guided through tunnels to safety . 	the train 's 700 people , after being abandoned for 2 hrs , were led through the subway system to an area of safety . 	4.4
5 . best beverage -- hot tea : hot tea is far better than cold drinks in lowering temperature . it is one of the best summer heat-relieving drinks . 	number five - best beverage , heated tea . beverages that are frigid ' abilities to cool down are outpaced markedly by those of boiling tea ; there are no peers among drinks which assuage summer calidity . 	4.2
