last year he was wanted for murder . 	last year it was sought to murder . 	4.000
pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products . 	economists ' not against the companies openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products . 	5.000
and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; bernanke is not . 	and , perhaps the most important , ahmadinejad destabilising influence , not bernanke . 	5.000
a europe for all 	all europe 	4.667
gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent . 	the gay and other practical `` modern '' are rejected , laws . 	4.500
only a month ago , mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	only a month before , muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with `` futile . 	5.000
only a month ago , mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	only one month before , muybarak disrupted the demands of constitutional reform by taxing futile ' . 	4.500
iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of iraqi oil production . 	the future of iraq is linked to oil production of the country . 	5.000
today 's great pax europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this . 	large pax europa of today , just like current prosperity paneuropéenne , depends on it . 	4.000
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves . 	this trend goes well beyond simple headscarves . 	4.500
more than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level . 	beyond the geographical division , divisions recur locally . 	4.000
but if europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ? 	but can this image survive a continuation of the decline ? 	3.750
but if europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ? 	but this image can survive a further decline ? 	2.200
the people versus putin 	putin against people 	4.500
the old version of the european response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	the old version of the european response ( what psychologists call `` the envy of the dollar ` only become more pervasive . 	4.750
but the returns that make us stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	but the returns which return the us markets of the transferable securities if attracting reflect a fragile political balance . 	4.750
each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on . 	every leader had markedly different explanations and theories on the situation . 	4.000
the answer lies in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally . 	the answer is in the support that the democratic activists indonésiens will be able to generate nationally and internationally . 	5.000
they are ignorant , poor , and sick . 	they are for the moment . 	0.500
jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work . 	the jobs , in particular , help the young to invent new forms of employment . 	4.500
iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of iraqi oil production . 	the future of iraq is related to the oil production of the country . 	5.000
in other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force . 	in other areas , the sharia is imposed . 	4.250
each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate . 	each time , radical technological progress made it off these threats . 	4.750
a prominent chinese businessman who divides his time between hong-kong and london was even more specific . 	a chinese influential businessman who share his time between hong kong and london , was even more precise . 	5.000
the answer lies in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally . 	the answer lies in the support that democratic activists indonesians may generate drive and internationally . 	4.750
but the returns that make us stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	but the returns which make the markets do not so attractive to reflect a fragile political equilibrium . 	3.250
the questions are many . 	there are many questions . 	4.750
but us stock prices fell only 5.2 % between may 9 and may 24 . 	however , the americans have only a fall of 5.2 % between 9 and on 24 may . 	4.250
each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate . 	each time , radical technological progress made slip these threats . 	4.750
jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work . 	jobs , in particular , would help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs . 	4.750
none of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help . 	this does not however emerging rich countries from their obligation to help . 	4.500
and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; bernanke is not . 	and , perhaps most important , ahmadinejad exerts a destabilizing influence , not bernanke . 	5.000
this has left the conservative opposition without an effective response . 	this leaves the opposition conservative without any effective response . 	5.000
after all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider . 	after all , they have recommended the policies that politicians will take into account . 	4.500
this gross error is leading russia to political ruin . 	and this mistake mistake is in the process of its political . 	3.000
he did , but the initiative did not get very far . 	what he has done without the initiative goes very far . 	3.400
the old version of the european response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	the old version of the european reaction ( what the psychologists call `` the desire of the dollar '' ) will become only more penetrating . 	4.500
last year he was wanted for murder . 	last year it was required for murder . 	3.800
the political stock market 	the politicization of securities markets 	2.833
each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on . 	every originator had theories and explanations appreciably different on the situation . 	4.750
jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work . 	the jobs , help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs . 	4.750
tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency . 	tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can oppose really this trend . 	4.500
what we are witnessing today is a shift from a muslim identity to an islamist identity . 	we are witnessing today to change a muslim identity for an islamic identity . 	5.000
a defeat on alstom would have profound consequences in europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	on the question of losing alstom would have serious repercussions in europe and not just for the policies on competition . 	4.250
today 's great pax europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this . 	the large europa pax today , just as the current pan-european prosperity , depends on it . 	5.000
last year he was wanted for murder . 	last year it was sought for murder . 	3.600
what we are witnessing today is a shift from a muslim identity to an islamist identity . 	in the absence of a change of associations . 	0.500
but if europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ? 	but this image can survive a further decline ? 	2.200
today 's great pax europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this . 	the great pax europa today , as the current pan-european prosperity , depends on it . 	5.000
this has left the conservative opposition without an effective response . 	that leaves the conservative opposition without effective response . 	5.000
a defeat on alstom would have profound consequences in europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	losing on the question of alstom would have serious repercussions in europe and not just for policies on competition . 	4.667
but the returns that make us stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	but returns which make american securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance . 	4.750
only a month ago , mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	only a month before , muybarak applications of constitutional reform disrupted were `` futile . '' 	4.250
indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the turkish government . 	it is undeniable that intolerance reached until the meetings the turkish government . 	5.000
none of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help . 	this does not however absolve the rich countries of their obligation to help . 	5.000
indeed , the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled a recent book democracy against itself . 	we can also note that the french philosopher marcel gauchet has called one of these recent books democracy against itself . 	4.750
after all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider . 	after all , they have recommended the policies that the politicians or not consideration . 	4.500
that is the spirit in which the european constitution must be written . 	this is the spirit in which must be drawn up the european constitution . 	4.750
each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on . 	each player had markedly different theories and explanations on the situation . 	4.500
the book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	the success of the book is in itself a sign of israel '' . 	2.500
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence . 	and , also , of his regime . 	1.750
but if europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ? 	but can this image survive a pursuit of decline ? 	2.750
the political stock market 	the politicization of securities market 	2.250
western europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings . 	the western europeans , who have forgotten this history , should heed our warnings . 	5.000
none of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help . 	that does not release however the rich countries of their obligation to help . 	3.750
they are ignorant , poor , and sick . 	they are culture , poor and sick . 	4.000
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation . 	4.000
today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant . 	today there are two ways plausible proceeding against a tyrant deposed . 	4.750
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within islam . 	however , a process of de-institutionalisation of the religious experience is also happening within islam . 	5.000
ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; bernanke is not . 	ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure , not bernanke . 	5.000
other ways are needed . 	it is necessary to find other means . 	4.500
foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	at the forefront of these lessons we find that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	4.250
a europe for all 	europe for all 	5.000
this has left the conservative opposition without an effective response . 	this leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response . 	5.000
today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant . 	today there are two plausible ways to proceed with regard to a relieved tyrant . 	4.750
pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products . 	economists pro-marché not contradictory businesses that use openly the attraction of luxury to promote their products . 	4.500
but america 's interest in iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy . 	but the interest of america for iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or the energy policy . 	5.000
a prominent chinese businessman who divides his time between hong-kong and london was even more specific . 	a businessman chinese influential , which shares his time between hong kong and london , was even more specific . 	5.000
some results are remarkable . 	some are noteworthy results . 	4.800
none of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help . 	but that does not detract rich countries from their obligation to help . 	5.000
he did , but the initiative did not get very far . 	what he has done without the initiative goes very far . 	3.400
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within islam . 	however , a process of de-institutionalisation religious experience is also happening within islam . 	5.000
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	but the american point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	5.000
being a muslim and being an islamist are not the same thing . 	to be muslim and be islamiste are two different things . 	5.000
putin 's russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years . 	putin 's russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists , murdered in the last six years . 	5.000
but us stock prices fell only 5.2 % between may 9 and may 24 . 	however , the american courses did not show that a fall of 5,2 % between the 9 and on may 24 . 	3.750
indeed , the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled a recent book democracy against itself . 	we can also note the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled , one of these recent books against democracy itself . 	5.000
this is a clear if implicit repudiation of mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years . 	this is an implicit but clear repudiation of mubarak , only head of state for 24 years . 	4.600
foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	at the forefront of these lessons , we learn that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	4.750
some results are remarkable . 	some are noteworthy results . 	4.800
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ? 	they would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have abandoned them ? 	4.000
but us stock prices fell only 5.2 % between may 9 and may 24 . 	yet , the americans have accused a lowering of 5.2 % between 9 and 24 may . 	3.750
a europe for all 	a europe for all 	4.714
putin 's russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years . 	the russia of putin has already lost 12 prominent journalists , murdered during the last six years . 	5.000
the answer lies in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally . 	the answer lies in the support that the indonesian democrats will generate activists domestically and internationally . 	4.600
but us stock prices fell only 5.2 % between may 9 and may 24 . 	but the us prices did not show that a decline in 5.2 % between 9 and 24 may . 	3.200
that is the spirit in which the european constitution must be written . 	that is the spirit in which the european constitution should be developed . 	4.500
but us stock prices fell only 5.2 % between may 9 and may 24 . 	yet the us courts have indicted that a reduction of 5.2 % between 9 and 24 may . 	4.000
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ? 	their donnerait-elle the right to divorce spouses who would have abandoned ? 	3.000
other ways are needed . 	other means should be found . 	4.600
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within islam . 	however , a process of the united states and also within islam . 	2.250
but america 's interest in iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy . 	but the interests of america for iraqi oil is dictated by the economy or the energy policy . 	4.000
other ways are needed . 	we must find other ways . 	4.400
the political stock market 	the politicization of securities markets 	2.833
but america 's interest in iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy . 	but the interests of the iraqi people is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy . 	2.750
this gross error is leading russia to political ruin . 	and this gross mistake is conducting russia policy to his downfall . 	4.750
and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; bernanke is not . 	and , perhaps most important , ahmadinejad has destabilizing influence , not bernanke 	5.000
each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate . 	each time , radical technological progress off these threats . 	5.000
what we are witnessing today is a shift from a muslim identity to an islamist identity . 	we are witnessing today to change a muslim identity for an islamic identity . 	5.000
the bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall . 	the most important thing is that when interest rates go up , the values of the active fall . 	3.750
each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate . 	each time , technological progress radicals have made these threats slip . 	4.250
that is the spirit in which the european constitution must be written . 	it is in that spirit must be developed the european constitution . 	4.750
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	but the us point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	5.000
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves . 	this trend goes well beyond simple scarves . 	4.500
other ways are needed . 	we must find other ways . 	4.400
putin 's russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years . 	russia of putin already lost 12 eminent journalists , assassinated during the six last years . 	5.000
the book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	the success of books is itself a sign of ` malaise ' . 	4.750
they are ignorant , poor , and sick . 	they are uncultivated , poor and sick . 	4.600
the president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by supreme guide ayatollah ali khamenei . 	the president has less of capacities than it does not appear to with it , and it particuli rement is particuli rement eclipsed by the guide supr me the ayatollah ali khamenei . 	3.750
indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the turkish government . 	it is indisputable that reaches to the turkish government . 	4.750
a prominent chinese businessman who divides his time between hong-kong and london was even more specific . 	a business chinese influence , which shares his time between hong kong and london , was more precise . 	4.750
the book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	the success of the book is in itself a sign of `` malaise . 	5.000
the political stock market 	politicization of the securities markets 	2.250
tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency . 	tocqueville thought in the long run , nothing can be really opposed this trend . 	4.500
tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency . 	tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can actually oppose this trend . 	4.750
moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements . 	who more is , the large oil exporters are not been willing to subject their policies of investment to the market rates . 	4.750
they are ignorant , poor , and sick . 	they are poor , sick and uncultivated . 	4.800
pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products . 	the economists , does not include the companies which use the attraction of luxury to promote their products . 	4.250
the political stock market 	the politicisation of the securities markets 	2.500
a prominent chinese businessman who divides his time between hong-kong and london was even more specific . 	an influential chinese business man , who shares his time between hongkong and london , was even more precise . 	5.000
moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements . 	moreover , the major exporters of oil are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions . 	5.000
western europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings . 	the western europeans , who have forgotten this story , should take account of our warnings . 	5.000
what we are witnessing today is a shift from a muslim identity to an islamist identity . 	today we are to change a muslim identity for islamic identity . 	3.500
only a month ago , mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	only one month before , muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with `` futile '' . 	4.250
it then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies . 	he has appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies . 	4.250
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	those who do not know the intensive methods surprised the necessity of such legislation . 	4.000
being a muslim and being an islamist are not the same thing . 	it is necessary to are two different things . 	0.250
it then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies . 	it has appointed a working group responsible for drawing the necessary changes to bring to public expenditure and fiscal policies . 	4.250
some results are remarkable . 	certain results are remarkable . 	5.000
but , like the union itself , it will be built and it will be done . 	but as the european union itself , and it will build it . 	3.750
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ? 	they give it the right to divorce the husband who have abandoned ? 	3.750
after all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider . 	after all , they recommended the policies which the politicians take or not into account . 	5.000
today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant . 	today there are two ways of proceeding to the origins . 	2.750
in other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force . 	in other areas , the sharia is imposed . 	4.750
but if europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ? 	but this picture can survive in a european ? 	1.750
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves . 	this trend goes well beyond simple headscarves . 	4.500
but , like the union itself , it will be built and it will be done . 	but as the european union itself , build and happen . 	3.500
the president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by supreme guide ayatollah ali khamenei . 	the president has fewer powers than it seems , and it is particuli failure to overshadowed by the supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei . 	4.500
jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work . 	the jobs , in particular , would help young people to forge new lives in jobs serious . 	4.750
western europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings . 	western europeans , who have forgotten this story , should heed our warnings . 	5.000
this gross error is leading russia to political ruin . 	and this big mistake is leading russia to its political ruin . 	5.000
today 's great pax europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this . 	the great pax europa today , as the current pan-european prosperity , depends . 	4.750
but , like the union itself , it will be built and it will be done . 	but as the european union itself , this will be built and this will happen . 	4.000
western europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings . 	the western europeans , who have forgotten this history , should take account of our warnings . 	5.000
western europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings . 	western europeans , who have forgotten this history , should take account of our warnings . 	5.000
that is the spirit in which the european constitution must be written . 	that is the spirit in which must be worked out the european constitution . 	4.500
putin 's russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years . 	putin 's russia already lost 12 prominent journalists , murdered during the past six years . 	5.000
the president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by supreme guide ayatollah ali khamenei . 	the president has less powers than it seems , and it is particuli to rement overshadowed by the ayatollahs supr to guide me ali khamenei . 	4.750
after all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider . 	after all , they recommended policies that politicians or not take into account . 	5.000
the people versus putin 	the people against putin 	5.000
tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency . 	tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can oppose really to this trend . 	4.750
the questions are many . 	many questions are . 	4.250
but they were necessary . 	but they are necessary . 	4.250
moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements . 	moreover , the major oil exporters are not willing to submit their investment policies to market conditions . 	4.750
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	5.000
foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	in the foreground of these lessons , one discovers that economic development is left mainly in the hands of the poor nations themselves . 	4.500
and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; bernanke is not . 	and , perhaps the most important , ahmadinejad affects destabilizing , bernanke . 	3.500
the bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall . 	the key is that when interest rates are falling , the values of the active . 	2.750
after all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider . 	after all , they have policies that take or no consideration . 	3.750
gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent . 	the gay and other ` modern ' practices are rejected because nombrilistes . 	3.500
western europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings . 	europeans of the west , who forgot this history , should take account of our warning statements . 	5.000
indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the turkish government . 	it is undeniable that intolerance reached at summits of the turkish government . 	4.500
this has left the conservative opposition without an effective response . 	that leaves the conservative opposition without any effective answer . 	4.750
the answer lies in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally . 	the answer lies in the support that the indonesian democrats activists will generate national and internationally . 	5.000
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence . 	putin , too , seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime . 	4.400
pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products . 	economists pro-marché companies which do not stand openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products . 	4.250
each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate . 	every time , technological progress to fly these threats . 	4.500
western europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings . 	western europeans , who have forgotten this history , should heed our warnings . 	4.750
it then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies . 	he then appointed a working group to formulate the necessary changes to the policy of public spending and the fiscal policies . 	4.250
last year he was wanted for murder . 	last year it was required for murder . 	3.800
each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on . 	every originator had theories and explanations significantly different on the situation . 	4.500
today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant . 	today there are two plausible ways to proceed as regards a burden tyrant . 	4.500
today 's great pax europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this . 	the large europa of today , just as the prosperity , depends on it . 	4.250
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within islam . 	however , a process of de-institutionalisation of religious experience is also happening within islam . 	5.000
each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate . 	each time , of radical technological progress leave these threats . 	4.250
putin 's russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years . 	russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists , murdered in the course of the past six years . 	4.500
the old version of the european response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	the former version of the european reaction ( what psychologists call `` the envy dollar ) only become more pénétrante . 	4.500
the people versus putin 	people against putin 	4.750
but the returns that make us stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	but the returns which make the american securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance . 	4.750
today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant . 	today there are two ways plausible to undertake a tyrant deposed . 	4.750
only a month ago , mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	only a month before , , the demands of constitutional reform in the five '' . 	2.500
the president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by supreme guide ayatollah ali khamenei . 	the president has fewer powers that it seems , and it is particuli rement overshadowed by the supr guides me ayatollah ali khamenei . 	4.500
the answer lies in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally . 	the answer lies in the support that democratic activists indonesia can generate nationalement and internationally . 	3.500
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence . 	putin , too , seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime . 	4.400
each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on . 	each player had the theories and explanations markedly different situation . 	4.250
this gross error is leading russia to political ruin . 	and this gross error is conducting russia to his downfall policy . 	3.750
it then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies . 	then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to give the policies public spending and to fiscal policies . 	4.750
the people versus putin 	the people against putin 	4.750
pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products . 	economists pro-marché are not opposed to companies which openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products . 	4.750
gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent . 	the gay and other practices modern ` are rejected , because navel-gazing . 	4.250
but they were necessary . 	but they were necessary . 	5.000
the political stock market 	the politicization of securities markets 	2.833
the old version of the european response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	the old version of the european reaction ( what psychologists call `` the envy of the dollar ' ) will only more pervasive . 	5.000
the president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by supreme guide ayatollah ali khamenei . 	the president has powers than it appears , and it is particularly eclipsed by the supreme ali khamenei . 	5.000
and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; bernanke is not . 	and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad has an influence , not destabilizing bernanke . 	4.750
the bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall . 	essence , it is that when interest rates go up , the values of the credit fall . 	4.750
after all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider . 	after all , they recommend the policies that politicians will take into account . 	3.500
the questions are many . 	the questions are many . 	5.000
but the returns that make us stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	but the returns that make american securities markets so attractive reflect a fragile political balance . 	4.750
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	those who do not know the methods of intensive farming , will perhaps the need for such legislation . 	4.000
being a muslim and being an islamist are not the same thing . 	to be muslim and islamiste are two different things . 	5.000
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	those who do not know the intensive farming methods astonished perhaps the need for such legislation . 	4.250
the questions are many . 	there are many questions . 	4.800
this is a clear if implicit repudiation of mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years . 	this is an implicit répudiation but clear of mubarak , only head of state for 24 years . 	5.000
a defeat on alstom would have profound consequences in europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	losing on the question of alstom would have serious repercussions in europe and not just for policies on competition . 	4.667
the questions are many . 	the questions are numerous . 	5.000
gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent . 	gays and other practices `` modern ' are rejected because among selfcentred . 	4.250
more than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level . 	beyond the geographical division , the divisions occur locally . 	4.000
putin 's russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years . 	putin 's russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists murdered during the past six years . 	5.000
gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent . 	the catch and other practices , because . 	0.250
jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work . 	the jobs , in particular , would help young people to create new lives in serious jobs . 	5.000
last year he was wanted for murder . 	last year it was sought for murder . 	3.600
tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency . 	thought that in the long term , nothing can actually to this trend . 	4.250
foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	in the forefront of these lessons , we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	4.750
but , like the union itself , it will be built and it will be done . 	but just as the european union itself , and that it will be done . 	4.250
this gross error is leading russia to political ruin . 	and this serious error is taking to russia to its ruin policy . 	5.000
but america 's interest in iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy . 	but america 's interest for iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy . 	5.000
some results are remarkable . 	some results are remarkable . 	5.000
a europe for all 	a europe for all 	4.714
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	perhaps those who do not know the methods of intensive farming will our by the need for such legislation . 	3.750
this is a clear if implicit repudiation of mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years . 	this is an implicit but clear repudiation of mubarak , only head of state for 24 years . 	4.600
after all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider . 	after all , they have recommended policies that politicians or taking into consideration . 	4.500
he did , but the initiative did not get very far . 	he has done , that the initiative not go very far . 	4.750
some results are remarkable . 	some results . 	2.000
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	but from the american view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	5.000
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	but from the point of view of the international role was a trap . 	3.750
being a muslim and being an islamist are not the same thing . 	to be muslim and islamiste are two different things . 	5.000
only a month ago , mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	only a month ago , disrupted muybarak applications of constitutional reform were a ` futile ' . 	5.000
moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements . 	moreover , the major oil exporters are not prepared to subject their policies of investment to market rates . 	4.750
the book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	the success of the book is in itself a sign of ` malaise . 	5.000
the answer lies in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally . 	the answer lies in the support that the indonesian democrats activists will generate domestically and internationally . 	4.750
but , like the union itself , it will be built and it will be done . 	but just like the european union itself , that will be built and that will be done . 	4.000
putin 's russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years . 	putin 's russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists , murdered during the past six years . 	5.000
a europe for all 	a europe for all 	4.714
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ? 	their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who have abandoned them ? 	3.250
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within islam . 	however , a process of désinstitutionalisation experience of religious also happens within islam . 	4.750
today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant . 	today there are two plausible ways to a tyrant deposed . 	4.000
he did , but the initiative did not get very far . 	what he has done without the initiative goes too far . 	3.000
none of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help . 	this does not release but rich countries of their obligation to help . 	4.500
none of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help . 	this does not , however , rich countries emerging from their obligation to help . 	4.500
today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant . 	today there are two ways to proceed plausible towards a tyrant deposed . 	5.000
but they were necessary . 	but they were necessary . 	5.000
ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; bernanke is not . 	ahmadinejad has embarque in an adventure , not bernanke . 	4.750
but , like the union itself , it will be built and it will be done . 	but just as the european union itself , and this will happen . 	3.750
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence . 	putin , also , seems to him to suspect the impotence of its mode . 	4.000
indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the turkish government . 	it is undeniable that intolerance reached to the heights of turkish government . 	4.500
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	perhaps those which do not know the methods of intensive breeding will astonish by the need for such a legislation . 	4.000
a prominent chinese businessman who divides his time between hong-kong and london was even more specific . 	an influential chinese businessman , who shares his time between hong kong and london , was even more specific . 	4.750
in other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force . 	in other areas , sharia law is imposed . 	4.250
he did , but the initiative did not get very far . 	what it has done without initiative go very far . 	4.750
this has left the conservative opposition without an effective response . 	that leaves the opposition and without any effective response . 	4.000
but if europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ? 	but this image further decline can survive ? 	2.750
but america 's interest in iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy . 	but the interests of america for iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy . 	5.000
some results are remarkable . 	some results . 	2.250
gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent . 	the gays and others practical `` modern '' are rejected , because nombrilists . 	3.750
the old version of the european response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	the old version of the european reaction ( what psychologists call '' 's desire dollar '' ) will become more pervasive . 	5.000
ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; bernanke is not . 	ahmadinejad is embarking upon an adventure , bernanke . 	3.500
foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	at the forefront of these lessons , one discovers that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	4.750
a europe for all 	a europe for all 	4.714
gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent . 	the gay and other practices `` modern '' are rejected , because nombrilistes . 	3.500
iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of iraqi oil production . 	the future of iraq is linked to the country . 	3.250
the people versus putin 	the people against putin 	5.000
what we are witnessing today is a shift from a muslim identity to an islamist identity . 	we attend today the change of a moslem identity for an islamist identity . 	5.000
jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work . 	employment , in particular , would help young people to forge new lives through serious employment . 	5.000
that is the spirit in which the european constitution must be written . 	that is the spirit in which must be drawn up the constitution . 	3.750
moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements . 	moreover , the major oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies under market conditions . 	4.000
ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; bernanke is not . 	ahmadinejad board in an adventure , not bernanke 	5.000
foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	the first of these lessons , we discovered that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	4.250
in other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force . 	in other areas , the charia is imposed . 	3.750
being a muslim and being an islamist are not the same thing . 	etre muslim and be islamic are two different things . 	4.000
he did , but the initiative did not get very far . 	what happened the initiative does not go very far . 	3.500
they are ignorant , poor , and sick . 	they are poor , sick and uncultivated . 	4.800
it then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies . 	it then named an work group charged to formulate the changes necessary to bring to the policies public expenditure and to the fiscal policies . 	4.000
the bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall . 	the bottom line is that when interest rates go up , the values of credit fall . 	5.000
but , like the union itself , it will be built and it will be done . 	but like the eu itself , this will be built and this will happen . 	4.250
the old version of the european response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	the former version of the european reaction ( what psychologists call ` envy the dollar ' ) will only most perceptively . 	5.000
the questions are many . 	there are many questions . 	4.800
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence . 	putin , too , seems accuse the powerlessness of his regime . 	4.750
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves . 	this trend goes well beyond simple scarves . 	4.500
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ? 	their would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have given up them ? 	4.000
it then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies . 	it was then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to policies of public spending and tax policies . 	5.000
they are ignorant , poor , and sick . 	they are uncultivated , poor and sick . 	4.600
it then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies . 	then he appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies . 	4.750
but the returns that make us stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	but the returns which make markets american securities so attractive reflect a fragile political balance . 	5.000
the people versus putin 	the people against putin 	5.000
indeed , the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled a recent book democracy against itself . 	they may also note that the french philosopher marcel gauchet called one of these recent its democracy against itself . 	4.500
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves . 	this tendency goes well beyond the simple scarves . 	4.500
but america 's interest in iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy . 	but america 's interest for iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy . 	5.000
ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; bernanke is not . 	ahmadinejad boards in an adventure , then . 	3.500
but america 's interest in iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy . 	but america 's interest to iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy . 	4.750
the answer lies in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally . 	the answer lies in the support that all will be able to generate nationally and internationally . 	3.500
more than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level . 	beyond the geographical division , the divisions occur at local level . 	4.500
the bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall . 	the important thing is that when interest rates amount , the values of the active fall . 	4.250
today 's great pax europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this . 	big pax europe of today , like current prosperity pan-european , depends on it . 	5.000
but if europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ? 	but this picture can survive a continuing decline ? 	2.500
in other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force . 	in other regions , the sharia is imposed . 	4.250
the president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by supreme guide ayatollah ali khamenei . 	president has fewer powers than it appears to be , and it is this particuli rement overshadowed by the guide supr to me ayatollah ali khamenei . 	4.250
other ways are needed . 	we must find other ways . 	4.400
a prominent chinese businessman who divides his time between hong-kong and london was even more specific . 	a man of influential , which shares his time between hong kong and london , has even been more precise . 	4.750
they are ignorant , poor , and sick . 	they are poor , sick and uncultivated . 	4.800
a defeat on alstom would have profound consequences in europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	waste on the question of the alstom group would have serious repercussions in europe and not only for the policies on competition . 	3.750
indeed , the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled a recent book democracy against itself . 	we can also see that the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled one recent books democracy against itself . 	5.000
each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on . 	each protagonist had appreciably different theories and explanations on the situation . 	4.750
the book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	the success of the book is in itself a sign of ` malaise . '' 	4.750
more than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level . 	beyond geographical division , divisions reproduce at the local level . 	4.200
and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; bernanke is not . 	and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad influence destabilizing , not bernanke . 	5.000
other ways are needed . 	other means should be found . 	4.600
this has left the conservative opposition without an effective response . 	this leaves opposition conservative without effective response . 	4.750
moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements . 	what is more , the large oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions . 	4.750
only a month ago , mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	only a month ago , muybarak écartait for constitutional reform in the taxing of `` futile . 	4.500
the book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	the success of the book constitutes in itself a sign of `` faintness '' . 	3.250
other ways are needed . 	we must find other ways . 	4.400
jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work . 	employment , in particular , would help the young people to forge new lives thanks to serious employment . 	4.500
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence . 	putin , too , seems suspicion powerlessness of his regime . 	4.500
this gross error is leading russia to political ruin . 	and this great mistake is russia to ruin its policy . 	4.000
each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate . 	each time , of radicals technological advancements made fly away these threats . 	4.333
but they were necessary . 	but they were necessary . 	5.000
a europe for all 	a europe for all 	5.000
but they were necessary . 	but they were needed . 	5.000
this is a clear if implicit repudiation of mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years . 	it has been an implicit but clear repudiation of mubarak , only head of state for 24 years . 	4.750
each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on . 	every leader had theories and markedly different explanations regarding the situation . 	4.750
what we are witnessing today is a shift from a muslim identity to an islamist identity . 	we are now witnessing the change of muslim identity for an islamic identity . 	5.000
more than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level . 	beyond the geographical division , the divisions recur at local level . 	4.000
a defeat on alstom would have profound consequences in europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	losing of alstom would have serious repercussions in europe and not just for policies on competition . 	4.750
this is a clear if implicit repudiation of mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years . 	this is an implicit but clear répudiation of mubarak , only head of state for 24 years . 	4.500
the book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	the success of the paper is itself a sign of malaise '' . 	4.500
a defeat on alstom would have profound consequences in europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	to lose on the question of alstom would have serious effects in europe and not only for the policies on competition . 	4.250
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within islam . 	however , a process of desinstitutionalisation of the religious experiment also occurs within islam . 	4.750
ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; bernanke is not . 	ahmadinejad embarks in an adventure , not bernanke . 	5.000
that is the spirit in which the european constitution must be written . 	such is the spirit in which must be elaborate the european constitution . 	4.750
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	but the view us the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	4.250
last year he was wanted for murder . 	last year it was sought for murder . 	3.600
last year he was wanted for murder . 	last year it was sought for murder . 	3.600
and , perhaps most importantly , ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; bernanke is not . 	and , perhaps the most important , the destabilising influence , not then . 	2.750
being a muslim and being an islamist are not the same thing . 	to be moslem and be islamiste are two different things . 	5.000
the bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall . 	the most important thing , however , is that when the rate of interest , the values . 	3.750
more than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level . 	beyond geographical division , divisions reproduce at the local level . 	4.200
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ? 	their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who would have abandoned ? 	3.500
tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency . 	tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can really object to this trend . 	4.000
but they were necessary . 	but they were necessary . 	5.000
iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of iraqi oil production . 	the future of iraq is linked to the oil production in the country . 	5.000
this has left the conservative opposition without an effective response . 	this leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response . 	5.000
iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of iraqi oil production . 	iraq 's future is linked to oil production of the country . 	5.000
but the returns that make us stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	but the returns that make us markets of securities if attractive reflect a fragile political balance . 	5.000
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within islam . 	however , a process of deinstitutionalisation of religious experience also happens within islam . 	5.000
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence . 	putin , too , seems to suspect the powerlessness of his regime . 	4.750
none of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help . 	that does not , however , the rich countries of their obligation to help . 	4.250
today 's great pax europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this . 	the great pax europe of today , as prosperity pan-european today , depends on it . 	5.000
indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the turkish government . 	it is undeniable that intolerance reached until the tops of the turkish government . 	4.500
moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements . 	what is more , the situation of oil are not prepared to submit their policies of investment to market conditions . 	3.250
this gross error is leading russia to political ruin . 	and this important mistaken is leading russia to its political ruin . 	5.000
pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products . 	economists pro market does not oppose companies which use openly the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products . 	4.500
the president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by supreme guide ayatollah ali khamenei . 	the president has fewer powers than it they may seem , special to reviving is special to reviving overshadowed by guide supreme to me the ayatollah ali khamenei . 	4.500
the questions are many . 	there are many questions . 	4.800
a prominent chinese businessman who divides his time between hong-kong and london was even more specific . 	a businessman chinese influential , who share his time between hong kong and london , was even more precise . 	5.000
foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	on top of these lessons , we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	4.500
the people versus putin 	the people against putin 	5.000
that is the spirit in which the european constitution must be written . 	that is the spirit in which must be developed the european constitution . 	4.750
some results are remarkable . 	some results are remarkable . 	5.000
this is a clear if implicit repudiation of mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years . 	it has been an implicit but clear repudiation of mubarak , only head of state for 24 years . 	4.750
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	but the us point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	5.000
the old version of the european response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	the former version of the european reaction ( the desire called `` the desire of the '' ) '' . 	4.000
pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products . 	the economists pro-market do not oppose the companies which openly use the attraction of the luxury to promote their products . 	4.750
ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; bernanke is not . 	ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure , not bernanke . 	5.000
more than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level . 	beyond the geographical division , at local level . 	3.750
indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the turkish government . 	it is undeniable that intolerance reached summits of the turkish government . 	4.750
the political stock market 	the politization of the markets of the transferable securities 	2.250
iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of iraqi oil production . 	the future of iraq is linked to oil production . 	5.000
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves . 	this trend goes well beyond simple scarves . 	4.500
indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the turkish government . 	it is undeniable that intolerance reached until the heights of the turkish government . 	4.500
indeed , the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled a recent book democracy against itself . 	we can also note that the french philosopher , marcel gauchet has called one of these recent books democracy against itself . 	4.667
being a muslim and being an islamist are not the same thing . 	to be muslim and islamic are two different things . 	5.000
in other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force . 	in other regions , the sharia is imposed . 	4.250
indeed , the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled a recent book democracy against itself . 	one can also note that the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled one of these recent books the democracy against itself . 	4.667
iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of iraqi oil production . 	the future of iraq is linked to the oil production . 	5.000
in other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force . 	in other regions , the sharia is imposed . 	4.750
what we are witnessing today is a shift from a muslim identity to an islamist identity . 	we are witnessing today to change a muslim identity for an islamic identity . 	5.000
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation . 	4.000
indeed , the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled a recent book democracy against itself . 	we can also note that the french philosopher marcel gauchet entitled the recent books against democracy itself . 	4.500
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves . 	this tendency goes well beyond simple . 	2.250
this is a clear if implicit repudiation of mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years . 	it is an implicit but but clearly , the head of state for 24 years . 	3.750
but they were necessary . 	but they were necessary . 	5.000
but us stock prices fell only 5.2 % between may 9 and may 24 . 	however , the american courts accused a reduction of 5.2 % between 9 and on 24 may . 	3.000
the bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall . 	the key is that when interest rates go up , the values of active fall . 	4.750
a defeat on alstom would have profound consequences in europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	losing on the issue of alstom would have serious repercussions in europe and not only for the policies on competition . 	4.750
tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency . 	tocqueville thought that on the long run , nothing can be really opposed to this tendency . 	4.500
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ? 	a couple who have left ? 	1.000
but us stock prices fell only 5.2 % between may 9 and may 24 . 	however , the americans have accused that lower 5.2 % between 9 and on 24 may . 	3.250
he did , but the initiative did not get very far . 	what it did without the initiative not going very far . 	3.500
