global online #education is a key to democratizing access to learning and overcoming societal ills such as poverty - 	op-ed columnist : revolution hits the universities 	0.6
hollywood accepts chinese censorship ( will movies get any better ? ) 	in hollywood movies for china , bureaucrats want a say 	2.4
#bloomberg : assault weapon ban tough sell pub . enemies 1 and 2 according to minor mayor : big gulps and #guns . #ocra 	bloomberg : assault weapons ban is tough sell 	3.8
car bomb detonates outside #afghan intelligence agency ; casualty toll unclear . 	powerful car bomb explodes outside afghan intelligence agency 	4.2
what 's in feinstein 's gun bill - #tgdn #pjnet 	what 's in feinstein 's bill ? 	4
linda greenhouse : roe v. wade was abt drs facing prosecution for acting in what they saw as patients ' best interests 	opinionator : misconceptions about roe v. wade 	2.2
special measures for beijing polution : 	smog cloud blankets beijing 	2
synthax_terror 2 : : `` american taliban '' john walker lindh wins case over muslim group prayer in prison 	` american taliban ' wins right to group prayer 	3.4
the questions oprah should 've asked lance amstrong 	hard questions for lance armstrong 	2.8
cc '' : at least 90 killed in brazil nightclub fire '' 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3
not a tear here : red brigades jagoff dies , year older than me , fuck him : 	prospero gallinari , a terrorist , is dead at 62 	0.8
so many places to go ... 	the 46 places to go in 2013 	1
as #california bounces back , governor calls for lofty goals 	with california rebounding , governor pushes big projects 	4.2
nytimes : #leishmaniasis : a #genetic link found in far-flung victims of a lethal form of a parasitic disease 	global update : a genetic link found for victims of lethal form of leishmaniasis 	4.2
jesus ... at least 245 dead as fire sweeps through nightclub in brazil . 	scores dead as fire sweeps through nightclub in brazil 	4.4
so the company mad , is n't this what most companies are doing ? 	u.s. man outsources job to china , surfs cat videos 	0.4
taking aim #stopgunviolence #congress #nra 	obama , gun policy and the n.r.a. 	1.6
#nra releases target shooting app , hmm wait a sec . . 	nra draws heat for shooting game 	4
broken limbs , torn lives in northern #mali #africa #conflict #humanrights 	broken limbs , torn lives in mali 	4.8
slams guest over ar-15s 	piers , guest clash over ar-15s 	3
a truckload of flaming brown cheese closed a road tunnel in arctic norway for the last six days . 	world briefing | europe : norway : cheese fire shuts tunnel 	3.2
sex abuse common , but so is our inability to face road range of behaviors common to humans a pedophile in plain sight 	opinion : at poly prep , a pedophile in plain sight 	2
death toll climbs to 220 in #brazil nightclub fire , official says . 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.2
( i love him !!!! ) 10 reasons we ca n't get enough gosling - 	why we ca n't get enough gosling ( duh ! ) 	3.8
u.s. withdrawal is ` tough love ' for afghans 	u.s. ` tough love ' for afghan troops 	3.6
nytimes : andrew revkin on next steps for china in cleaning up pollution . 	charting a post-pollution path for cities - from london , 1952 , through beijing , 2013 	1.5
justice clarence thomas breaks his silencetell the justice that courtesy will not protect citizens rights.get with it ! 	justice thomas breaks his silence in court 	3.6
nato : missile battery opens on syrian border this could set forth an unwanted chain of events here . 	nato : patriot missile battery operational on syrian border 	3.4
what 's wrong with the boeing dreamliner ? '' . airlines must be so happy ! 	what 's wrong with the dreamliner ? 	4
hopefully not together '' : richard pryor & dick cheney focus of showtime documentaries '' 	richard pryor and dick cheney focus of showtime documentaries 	4.6
we will pass a milestone this year : the majority of the fish we eat will be farm-raised rather than wild 	a milestone looms for farm-raised fish 	3.4
design , design , design . ? we?re on the tail end of technology being special , ? says john maeda . 	disruptions : disruptions : design is driving technology forward 	1
interesting article on the cnn homepage . `` mickleson has a point on taxes . '' 	mickelson has a point on taxes 	4.4
pictures of the day : pakistan , syria , indonesia , germany , phillipines and mali . 	pictures of the day : pakistan and elsewhere 	3.2
how #vine video may change twitter #in 	6 ways vine 's six seconds may change twitter 	3.8
+1 mt ? `` i loathe writing with . . a kind of phobia . . only a sort of perverse masochism keeps me at it '' styron 	? selected letters of william styron ? 	1.2
sport : mt lance armstrong confesses to doping . next step ? testifying against the higher-ups in cycling . 	armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify against cycling officials 	4.6
bloomberg chips in a billion 	bloomberg gives $ 1.1 b to university 	4
u.s. government-supported rescue mission of french hostage in somalia failed . 	u.s. supported france 's failed hostage rescue in somalia 	4.4
nytimes : is delhi so different from steubenville , usa ? 	op-ed columnist : is delhi so different from steubenville ? 	4.4
cardinal mahony , abuser of liturgies and shielder of child abusers . so sad and frustrating . 	mahony shielded abusive priests , documents show 	2.6
`` tennis : djokovic claims aussie triumph zmerchnews dot com '' 	djokovic : 3 aussie wins in a row 	1.6
man crapping killed in fall between subway cars 	train kills man in 125th street subway station 	2
#us details help in failed #hostage rescue . #somalia #france 	u.s. supported france 's failed hostage rescue in somalia 	2.6
microsoft 's windows 8 sales are ok , not great cnnmoney 	microsoft 's windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough 	4.4
internet activist #aaronswartz , creator of #rss , is dead at 26 - suicide . was the pressure of pending lawsuits too much ? 	aaron swartz , internet activist , dies at 26 	3.4
the truth about publicity ... bad publicity does exist . #pr #media 	maybe there is such a thing as bad publicity 	4
#revolution hits the #universities by #distance #education #sustainability 	op-ed columnist : revolution hits the universities 	3.6
vicki huddleston : why we must help #save #mali 	op-ed contributor : why we must help save mali 	3.8
this is a weird article . `` ray kurzweil says we 're going to live forever '' 	talk : ray kurzweil says we?re going to live forever 	4.4
daannngg ! ? : lance armstrong tells oprah he couldn?t have won 7 tour de france titles without doping ? 	armstrong stripped of olympic medal 	1
apple makes a $ 13.1 billion profit , sells 28 % more iphones and 48 % more ipads . stock dips 11 % 	apple?s profits are flat , and stock drops 	2.6
when does life begin ? catholic hospital argues that an embryo is not a person . 	catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person 	4.6
two years after the egyptian revolution ... u.s gets it wrong on egypt again - 	opinion : u.s gets it wrong on egypt , again 	3.8
after armstrong admits doping 2 oprah years 2 late , he now says he will testify against alleged doping officials 	armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify against cycling officials 	4.6
wait , bribing kids is bad ? #notmomoftheyearafterall 	this life : modifying a child?s behavior without resorting to bribes ? this life 	1.8
#disney 's new #videogame , via nytimes : video game combines the worlds of disney 	media decoder blog : new video game features disney and pixar mash-ups 	2.6
in the gowanus canal , a dolphin 	dolphin swimming in gowanus canal 	4.4
senator schumer says he?s satisfied with chuck hagel on the mideast . his endorsement should settle that issue . 	schumer says he?s satisfied with hagel on mideast 	4
producer of popular gun-related videos shot . every gun death is a tragedy . 	producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot 	4.2
interesting and sensible 	opinionator : back when i was packing 	0
sign of inaccessible , culturally incompetent mainstream care ? as ? bodega clinicas ? fill void , health officials are torn 	? bodega clinicas ? draw interest of health officials 	3.4
rome 's colorful colosseum 	rome 's colosseum gives up secrets 	2.4
'' : samsung profit at record $ 6.6 billion '' 	samsung profit soars to $ 6.6 b record 	4.8
spanish police seize items intended for iran . qu ? mal rollo ... 	spanish police say seized items intended for iran nuclear program 	3.2
this is a pretty amazing read . #howstuffworks nytimes : coins , bills and the national debt 	economix blog : bruce bartlett : accounting for a $ 1 trillion platinum coin 	0.8
fitness center in a #hotel room 	urban athlete : a hotel room workout from nicole glor 	1.6
i 'm surprised by the lack of coverage of the n ireland riots . 	police deploy water cannon at northern ireland riot 	1.4
saudis defend #srilankan maid 's #execution 	saudis defend maid 's beheading 	4
the worst kind of poor flying judgement . stunt plane barely missing two people prompts faa probe . 	video of stunt plane barely missing two people prompts faa probe 	3.6
on hillary clinton 's fp approach 	iht rendezvous : the clinton doctrine of american foreign policy 	2.2
an insider returns to politics in italy #memofromrome #politics 	berlusconi stirs up elections in italy 	2.6
sign of the #apocalypse : voice of charlie brown arrested , charged . ? 	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged 	3.6
a really nicely written story : in the subways , a voice to stir the soul 	in the subways , geechee dan?s voice stirs the soul 	3.8
ces keynote : young people today are ` born #mobile ' #hitech 	ces : young people are ` born mobile ' 	4.2
what prevents people from being able to die at home is not their medical needs , but the needs of their #caregiver #hpm 	the new old age blog : what you need to bring your loved one home to die 	2.6
u.s. warplanes enter somalia airspace mr. potus ; write another letter&tell french we 're not in the mood for their mess . 	u.s. warplanes enter somali airspace 	3
climate change at cnn : next step : obama 's state of the union speech on february 12 ... 	climate change activists to obama : steer clear of congress 	2.8
rss and reddit co-developper aaron swartz commits suicide 	online activist aaron swartz commits suicide 	3.4
charlie brown voice actor charged 	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged 	4.6
njff is showing this film on jan 26 at rutgers university : 	our generation : ? set for life ? documents crisis among baby boomers 	0
dreamliner having fitful rollout . how tough is this for boeing ? 	deepening crisis for the dreamliner 	2.5
what we do n't know is killing us the gun industry ca n't handle the truth . 	editorial : what we don?t know is killing us 	2.8
india ink : woman raped by seven men in punjab , police say : police said sunday that a 29-year-old woman had been ... 	india ink : woman raped by seven men in punjab , india , police say 	3.8
#photos : #kimjongun and his army forces 	photos : kim jong un and his military 	5
indonesian official : rape victims enjoy it oh hell no they do n't 	would-be judge suggests women enjoy rape 	3.4
so wait , you think i want to search #facebook , and use bing as the back up ? ha . 	bits blog : facebook unveils a new search tool 	2
icymi , facebook unveiled a new search tool today : `` graph searchl '' 	bits blog : facebook unveils a new search tool 	3
`` humanitarian emergency . `` declared by aid groups in syria '' 	` humanitarian emergency ' in syria 	4.4
president ? if she wants it 	president hillary clinton ? if she wants it 	3.4
they deserve such unkind words . 	kenyan rangers hunt poachers who killed 11 elephants for ivory 	0
a great piece in the nyt mag on story , lit , and media . 	riff : once upon a time , there was a person who said , ? once upon a time ? 	0
review : facebook 's graph search not v. useful - cnn `` only two of my 526 friends like cats '' ... say no more 	review : facebook 's graph search is not very useful 	3.8
ukraine signs shale gas drilling deal with #shell at #davos #energy #marketentry 	ukraine signs drilling deal with shell for shale gas 	4.4
by the numbers : women in the u.s. military nah not good idea 	by numbers : women in u.s. military 	3.6
try something new on your next vacation . 	exotic culinary tours around the world 	1.2
'' : britney spears calls off engagement '' loool cnn reports this ? where is this world going ? 	britney spears , jason trawick call off engagement 	4.25
pooping man killed in fall between subway cars 	train kills man in 125th street subway station 	2.2
thank goodness . ? : man charged with murder in philadelphia doctor 's death . ? 	man charged with murder in doctor 's death , source says 	4
teen murdered in west bank by israeli military occupation force , activists say - 	teen shot in west bank by israeli military , activists say 	4.2
live to eat or eat to live ? i take the former . 	big city : new generation confronts unaffordable luxury of food 	1.4
boosting your #flu shot response with #exercise 	exercise can boost flu shot 's potency 	4.6
smartphones are lifes remote control - 	smartphones can now run consumers ? lives 	2.4
er diab ... '' : at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire '' 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.4
2013 oscar nominations : who got 	2013 oscar nods : who got snubbed ? 	3
nyt reports on my intvu with ehud barak , links to daily beast #wef #israel #iran #nukes #war 	defense official hints that israel is stepping back from plans to unilaterally attack iran 	0.8
convicted in thailand of * implying * an insult to the king . ? there was no mention of the king?s name in the speech . ? 	in thailand , a broader definition of insulting royalty 	2.5
`` escape from la crosse '' the preppers next door 	the doomsday preppers of new york 	1.8
can oprah save lance armstrong ? she 's not convinced #doprah 	can even oprah save lance armstrong ? 	3.8
notre dame linebacker victim of a catfish type hoax ? 	notre dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax 	4
morning athletic inspiration ( let everyone compete ! ) : forging path to starting line for younger disabled athletes #nyt 	disabled athletes suit up , raising questions of logistics and fairness 	2.2
michael r. bloomberg credits #johnshopkinsuniversity for turning him into a leader 	at $ 1.1 billion , bloomberg is top university donor in u.s. 	1.2
this is ludicrous . sheriff : i wo n't enforce obama 's gun laws . really ? 	sheriff wo n't enforce ` unconstitutional ' gun laws 	3.4
man outsources own job to china 	u.s. man outsources job to china , surfs cat videos 	4
morsi?s slurs against jews in 2010 uncovered 	morsi?s slurs against jews stir concern 	3.6
thins just do n't add up just when north korea successfully lunched a rocket now america allows this . or am i. . . 	how america 's top general came to endorse women in combat 	0
you are an #inspiration ! #keepfighting 	the front lines in fight for women 	0.4
study : college-educated weathered downturn best : 	study shows college degree?s value during economic downturn 	2.8
sadness . '' : dolphin stuck in polluted nyc canal dies . '' 	dolphin stuck in new york canal dies 	4
`` errors may have exposed veterans to viruses '' uh oh ... 	insulin injection errors may have exposed veterans to viruses 	3.4
today i learned `` currently , there is no federal law that defines gun trafficking as a crime . '' i am at a loss for words . 	senator unveils bill to limit semiautomatic arms 	0.6
president obama turning to ex-prosecutor mary jo white to be securities and exchange commission ( s.e.c. ) boss 	mary jo white to be named new s.e.c. boss 	2.4
wow . a brief but eye-opening piece in the : a pedophile in plain sight 	opinion : at poly prep , a pedophile in plain sight 	3.4
good read ... why the net grieves aaron swartz - 	why world grieves aaron swartz 	4
finally armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify 	armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify against cycling officials 	4.2
great informative article that shows pepsico 's cooperation with resolving this health issue and placing consumers first 	gatorade listens to a teen and changes its formula 	0.6
how the us has changed in my lifetime : 	from reagan to obama , how we have changed as a nation 	3.8
the new york times : chinese firm buys u.s. solar start-up 	chinese firm buys an american solar technology start-up 	4.8
in france , protesters rally against allowing same-sex marriage 	french rally : no to same-sex marriage 	4.4
follow the dinero : cuomo raises $ 22.5 million for re-election bid 	cuomo raises nearly $ 22.5 million for re-election campaign 	4.4
china is investing in #education - #highered #edpolicy 	next made-in-china boom : college graduates 	2.2
can livestrong survive lance armstrong doping admission ? 	livestrong has life after lance 	3.2
build a fence around your good health ! your top flu questions answered . 	your top 10 flu questions answered 	3.6
johnson & johnson aware of 40 % failure in hip implant #hipimplant 	maker aware of 40 % failure in hip implant 	3.2
` is there a worse way to live ? ' ( cc : ) #jidf 	` is there a worse way to live than this ? ' 	4.2
gun violence is absolute a #publichealth issue . good work , on your gun reform for a generation #itsastart 	editorial : president obama?s plan for gun reform 	2.2
az gov jan brewer changes her mind and will expand medicaid : #medicaid 	national briefing | southwest : arizona : governor relents on medicaid 	3.6
worth reading for the column excerpts : pauline phillips , dear abby , dies at 94 	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94 	4.6
#myanmar s fight with armed #rebels edges toward china #burma #kachin 	myanmar fighting edges toward china 	3
truly a sad day . at least 90 killed in brazil nightclub fire 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.4
us inadvertently trained rebels : french strikes in mali supplant caution of u.s. 	french jets strike deep inside islamist-held mali 	2.2
calorie bomb on the menu will make eaters feel guilt after finish those meals 	9 calorie bombs at restaurants 	3.4
facebook was the most popular mobile app in the united states in 2012 	facebook 's mobile app takes top spot 	3.6
an alarm in the offing on #climatechange #extremeweather #globalwarming #eco 	an alarm in the offing on climate change 	4.6
syria : deadly airstrikes in damascus 	syria launches deadly airstrikes in damascus suburbs 	4
two of our favorite partners , and , have teamed to bring more music to your commute . 	ford announces in-car voice commands for amazon 's cloud music 	1.8
amazing , you can play violent shooting games & nobody says anything but the nra draws heat over new target-shooting game 	nra draws heat for shooting game 	3.6
worth watching . `` set for life '' documenting a generation?s fall . #work #unemployment #babyboomer 	our generation : ? set for life ? documents crisis among baby boomers 	4
dreamliner fix : ` it 's not easy ' - this a big mess that is not easy . 	787 dreamliner fix : ` it 's not easy ' 	4
nyt editorial : what we do n't know is killing us #research #guns #violence 	editorial : what we don?t know is killing us 	4
think so ? they do n't think so ! 	president hillary clinton ? if she wants it 	0
pulitzer-winning poet tracy k. smith 's sunday routine : 	poetry , puppets and playgrounds 	0.4
position `` eliminated '' . hmm . i read `` exterminated '' . times executive is leaving 	times communications executive is leaving 	2.8
mr. drummond , yep ... showing my age : conrad bain , father on ? diff?rent strokes ? , dies at 89 	conrad bain , actor on ? diff?rent strokes , ? dies at 89 	4.2
saudi arabia defends maid 's execution 	saudis defend maid 's beheading 	3.8
`` facebook has a lot of data , but it?s very noisy data . '' 	fortunes of facebook may hinge on searches 	0.8
cnn recent nightclub tragedies : on saturday , a massive fire at the kiss nightclub in southern brazil killed at l. . . 	deadly blazes : nightclub tragedies in recent history 	2
north korea sendin them threats again 	north korea issues blunt new threat to united states 	3.8
we 're all human , no more death please ! another tibetan sets himself on fire , dies to protest chinese rule 	tibetan sets himself on fire to protest chinese rule 	4.2
coca-cola joining the fight on obesity 	coca-cola weighs in on obesity fight 	3.6
prayers for burt reynolds 	burt reynolds ` feeling better ' but still in icu , rep says 	2
` taliban ' is plural , but that is apparently too esoteric for cnn or any other journalists : . 	` american taliban ' wins right to group prayer 	1.2
saudi activists say they wo n't be silenced ~ ~ i hope they find a way to get their rights peacefully ! 	saudi activists say kingdom trying to silence them 	2.4
when doctors do n't listen what can you do ? 	what to do when doctors do n't listen 	4.6
jodie foster would care more about syria launching deadly airstrikes in damascus suburbs 	syria launches deadly airstrikes in damascus suburbs 	2.2
bending the steakhouse rules #food #eatingout 	restaurant review : arlington club on the upper east side 	0.8
excellent step with tricky legal issues.new york lawmakers reach deal on new gun curbs #law #cdnpoli 	new york legislators hope for speedy vote on new gun laws 	3
` anonymous ' threatens justice dept. ` anonymous ' threatens justice dept 	hacktivist group threatens justice department 	3.6
at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire , such a shame 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.8
internet addiction of the day : ` what happens when you cast lindsay lohan in your movie ' 	here is what happens when you cast lindsay lohan in your movie 	3.4
great piece by in nyt showing china too has what mckinsey sees as a global education-to-work problem : 	chinese graduates say no thanks to factory jobs 	1
on the virtues of procrastination : this was supposed to be my column for new year?s day 	findings : positive procrastination , not an oxymoron 	2.2
france : we 're not the pacifists you think we are - mali 	why france is not pacifist nation 	4
the bizarre world of online relationships : image of manti te'o becomes a puzzle as theories swirl 	image of manti te?o becomes puzzle as theories swirl 	3.8
washington 's economic boom , financed by you real life `` hunger games '' 	washington?s economic boom , financed by you 	3.8
finally confirmed - chapped lips are the first sign you?ve got mad cow disease . 	opinion : hypochondria : an inside look 	0.4
swatch plays a big hand on $ 1b harry winston acqusition get it , big hand ... #iexplainmyjokes 	swatch to buy watch and jewelry business of harry winston for $ 750 million 	2.8
states get extension on #healthexchange timetable : : states get extra time to set up exchanges #aca #hcr 	states will be given extra time to set up health insurance exchanges 	4.6
`` live by the sword ... '' sad and ironic . producer of popular gun-related videos shot 	producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot 	2.4
kobe bryant , wife to call off divorce yaayy ! lol . 	kobe bryant and wife call off divorce 	4.6
excellent !? : #obama accelerating troops withdrawal from #afghanistan , several months ahead of schedule : ? 	obama , karzai to speed military transition 	2.6
obit : vincent sombrotto , leader of 1970 strike that shut post offices across country 'til nixon sent the national guard 	vincent sombrotto , who led postal strike , dies at 89 	3.4
so heartbreaking `` : at least 90 killed in brazilian nightclub fire , officials say . '' 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3
more reason to review a more progressive pro-domestic tax structure `` america 's productivity climbs , but wages stagnate '' 	news analysis : america?s productivity climbs , but wages stagnate 	3.6
this is interesting : `` what we do n't know is killing us '' . 	editorial : what we don?t know is killing us 	3.6
when i first saw this sing guy on the subway , i thought he needed an article . and nyt has delivered ! 	in the subways , geechee dan?s voice stirs the soul 	2.6
germany to move 674 tons of gold from downtown manhattan to frankfurt . . 	germany to repatriate some of its gold reserves 	3.4
this just warmed my heart : ada bryant and robert haire 	ada bryant , robert haire ? weddings 	1.2
#new york city ties #doctors ? #income to #quality of #care 	new york city hospitals to tie doctors ? performance pay to quality measures 	3.8
ny times : dot earth blog : is ` wild west ' era for fracking coming to an end ? 	is ` wild west ' era for gas drilling coming to an end ? 	4.6
children handcuffed 4 violating dress code ! #ms fills #school2prison pipeline reports grantee . 	report criticizes school discipline measures used in mississippi 	2.6
congratulations to #fruitvale and #bloodbrother ! sounds like #sundance had some powerful films this year . 	the carpetbagger : ` fruitvale , ' drama with little advance buzz , wins at sundance 	1.6
sleep , perchance to dream and our memories not unseem mt : brain ageing & sleep-related memory decline '' 	brain aging linked to sleep-related memory decline 	3.8
my pbk membership , finally explained . parents ? financial support may not help college grades : 	parents ? financial support linked to college grades 	2.8
tennis : sharapova takes on boys 	sharapova takes on australian boys 	4.2
fda may find that poop is a drug . nytimes : when pills fail , this , er , option provides a cure 	disgusting , maybe , but treatment works , study finds 	1.6
only great things can happen at the cheese monger : in the dairy case , ripe prose 	creative cheesemongers pen clever descriptions 	2.2
peter likes : dealbook : dell shares rise on news company may go private 	dealbook : dell shares surge after report of possible buyout 	2.8
kaepernick backs harbaugh 's gamble with playoff win 	kaepernick responds to harbaugh?s gamble with resounding performance 	4
republican governors open new front in #tax debate offering bold #solutions ! 	the caucus : republican governors open new front in tax debate 	3.8
for the record , i chopped my hair into `` the karlie '' before karlie ; ) 	the ? karlie ? is turning heads 	1.4
familiarize yourselves : #northkorea 	for the u.n. and north korea : game on 	1.2
new mutations discovered in #melanoma useful in decoding how it develops . #cancer 	new mutations discovered in melanomas 	3.6
not so good news ... . nytimes : german economy shrank in fourth quarter 	german economy probably shrank in fourth quarter 	4.4
u.n. agencies : stop the suffering in syria again . powerless . 	u.n. : stop the suffering in syria 	4.4
conservative writer nicholas kristof : guns are `` an instrument not of protection but of escalation . '' 	op-ed columnist : lessons from guns and a goose 	1.8
nytimes : robot makers say automation will create new and better jobs and not only delete jobs 	robot makers spread global gospel of automation 	2.6
new low for water levels in the great lakes #drought 	water brings new lows on great lakes 	4
britain to auction 250 mhz for high speed mobile - 	britain set to join high-speed mobile party 	3
nytimes : apps and other digital tools lend a hand ... 	tool kit : apps and other digital tools lend a hand to new mothers 	3.4
compared dna from 6,000 visceral leishmaniasis blood samples from india & brazil shows similar variations . 	global update : a genetic link found for victims of lethal form of leishmaniasis 	2.2
so , can we just pass the era now ? pentagon is set to lift combat ban for women 	pentagon lifting ban on women in combat 	4
germany to move 674 tons of gold #germany #europe #usa 	germany to repatriate some of its gold reserves 	3.2
`` : secret service dog falls to its death '' 😢 🐶 	secret service dog falls to its death while on vp detail 	4.2
***** nytimes : security firm discovers cyber-spy campaign ***** 	bits blog : security firm discovers global spy campaign 	4.4
#obama plan : tougher checks , no assault weapons - - from #guncontrol 	gop balks at gun control proposals 	1.8
ken salazar leaving to spend more time with his bolo ties . 	interior 's ken salazar stepping down 	3.4
nike unveils rory mcilroy as tiger 's heir apparent . $ 200 mil deal ?!? makes no business sense to me . 	nike unveils rory : tiger 's heir apparent 	3.2
should babies be allowed to ` cry it out ' ? #attachment #parenting 	should babies just ` cry it out ' ? 	3.6
look of the moment : #taylorswift 	t magazine : look of the moment | taylor swift 	4.4
the plight of the atlanta falcons 	nfl : can falcons turn it around ? 	3
new york state has gun control deal , with focus on mental ills 	new york legislators hope for speedy vote on new gun laws 	2
tribal lessons - ` the world until yesterday ' 	? the world until yesterday , ? by jared diamond 	2.8
so . odd . ? : in his own words : manti te'o on his girlfriend , and her death - now revealed to be a hoax : ? 	in his own words : manti te'o on girlfriend 's death 	3.8
j&j was aware of 40 % failure rate in depuy hip implants . 	maker aware of 40 % failure in hip implant 	3.4
following #colorado #marijuana legal decisions closely . maybe some lessons for ca dispensaries mess 	op-ed columnist : colorado?s marijuana muddle 	2
ny times - a sprint that is littered with pitfalls 	slap shot : n.h.l. ? s sprint of a season includes pitfalls 	4.2
returning zing to dutch cooking ? let?s go dutch ?? #gartine 	putting spice into dutch cooking 	4.2
obama must prove himself on palestine : nytimes : netanyahu issues veiled barb in response to criticism from obama 	netanyahu issues veiled response to criticism from obama 	4
america , the saudi arabia of tomorrow - good or bad ? 	america , saudi arabia of tomorrow 	4.2
it hurts my stomach . 	9 calorie bombs at restaurants 	0
do you need a `` stop day '' 	the importance of a ` stop day ' 	2.6
what happened in australia ... i went after guns . obama can , too . 	op-ed contributor : australia banned assault weapons . america can , too . 	4
will president obama 's gun proposals work ? recalling pain , mayors urge bills ? passage 	recalling pain of guns ? toll , mayors urge bills ? passage 	2.4
nyt books - books of the times : ? the river swimmer , ? a pair of novellas by jim harrison : ? the river swimmer , ? ji ... 	books of the times : ? the river swimmer , ? two novellas by jim harrison 	4.6
baby boomers getting tech savvy : 	grandparents : the new techies ? 	3.8
v kerry says #iran must come clean on #nuclear program 	kerry confirmation hearing 	0.6
woah . fox news did not renew sarah palin 's contract , which just expired . 	fox news and sarah palin part ways 	4.2
awe - one of the original `` bloggers '' passes away . pauline phillips , adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94 	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94 	4.2
do n't get any ideas , . u.s. programmer outsources own job to china , surfs cat videos - 	u.s. man outsources job to china , surfs cat videos 	4.6
filmmaker jason da silva on the challenges of navigating ny with #ms : the long wait ? #sundance 	op-docs : ? the long wait ? 	2
this thing reads like one of those pre-written ` death ' articles . creepy . 	burt reynolds in intensive care in florida hospital after flu , rep says 	0
unfairrt : readers sue lance armstrong for book refund after doping admission : what do you think ? 	readers sue armstrong for book refund 	4
200 dead in night club fire 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	2.8
nyt - pentagon lifts ban on women serving in combat roles 	pentagon lifting ban on women in combat 	4.6
`` an earlier version of this review misidentified the torso that was featured when picnic opened on broadway ... '' 	theater review : ? picnic ? at american airlines theater 	1.2
here 's to two more years of reince penis jokes . 	priebus re-elected to lead republican national committee 	0.25
new york passes gun control bill interesting , i like that they actually focused on mental health . 	new york to pass first gun control bill since newtown shooting 	3
miss montana has a great story to tell . #autism 	miss montana on her autism 	5
cgg - 30 die when bus plunges off cliff in nepal - 	30 killed as bus plunges off cliff in nepal 	5
a surprisingly refreshing view from old johnny howard . i went after guns . obama can , too . 	op-ed contributor : australia banned assault weapons . america can , too . 	2.4
'' : in today?s gun challenge editorial , obama puts politics aside and takes action on gun reform . '' 	editorial : president obama?s plan for gun reform 	3.2
in n.a.a.c.p. , industry gets ally against soda ban i 'm not one of them ! 	in court , n.a.a.c.p. adds voice against bloomberg?s soda ban 	3.6
and they never wondr why !! u.s gets it wrong on egypt again - 	opinion : u.s gets it wrong on egypt , again 	4.4
hurricane-flooded cars ruined by sandy lure unwitting buyers 	hurricane-flooded cars lure unwitting buyers 	4.4
in oz we love to scoff at us politics , gun laws etc . worth remembering us population debate years ahead of ours . 	obama will seek citizenship path in one fast push 	0
paging orval faubus : `` oregon sheriff : ` unconstitutional ' gun control laws wo n't be enforced '' #guncontrol #newtown 	sheriff wo n't enforce ` unconstitutional ' gun laws 	3.8
golden globes : how did tina fey and amy poehler do as hosts ? 	golden globes kick off hollywood award season 	2
in #turkey , mourners protest killings of #kurds 	mourners in turkey protest killings of kurdish activists 	4.4
chim : a vivid retrospective of post war europe #photography 	chim : a vivid retrospective of europe 	3.6
isn?t it sad , that events like the massacre in conneticut have to happen for us to notice it #challenges 	an added mission for arizona sheriff?s immigration posse : school patrols 	0
video : rome 's colorful collosseum : 	rome 's colosseum gives up secrets 	2.8
what the what ?! ? : voice of charlie brown arrested , charged . ? 	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged 	4.6
here we go again . . a man says he 's ` certain ' he knows where hoffa is buried . 	man convicted in mob crimes says he 's ` certain ' where hoffa is buried 	3.4
man held after subway attack in philadelphia 	man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in philadelphia 	3.6
even thought i 've downloaded #google maps for #iphone , i 'm still using #apple 's built in maps . they 're easier to use . 	google gains from creating apps for the opposition 	1.4
buried memories talks on a never before told true story of survival , memory and recovery . 	`` buried memories '' of katie beers 	2.4
the gulf 's ` green ' buildings #amman #cnn 	coolest green buildings in the gulf 	4
nytimes : n.r.a. attacks obama & daughters in video \ repugnant . 	n.r.a. attacks obama in video 	4
awful . '' : more than 800 nyc rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes '' 	more than 800 nyc rape cases reviewed for mistakes 	4.4
here is my question , is lance being punished for cheating or for cheating better ? 	public lashes out at armstrong 	1
the reason kindles exist : the onion 's tossing out an e-book biography of biden 	artsbeat : biden getting an autobiography from the onion ( whether he wants it or not ) 	2.8
info miami 's design district looks for an upgrade : a proposed $ 312 million renovation is expected to transform t. . . 	miami?s design district looks for an upgrade 	3.4
broken limbs , torn lives in northern #mali - #islamism #sharia 	broken limbs , torn lives in mali 	4
journalists , take a hint from andrew sullivan - 	journalists , learn from blogger sullivan 	4.4
this sweet love story made me weepy . no , really : 	the race grows sweeter near its final lap 	0
north korea beats war drums ... 	n. korea makes new threats against u.s. 	3
russian influence on rise in #israel 	rise of russians in israel 	4.2
life under islamist militants - broken limbs , torn lives in northern mali 	broken limbs , torn lives in mali 	4
good grief indeed , charlie brown gets arrested 	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged 	4.4
`` : `` : death toll climbs to 220 in brazil nightclub fire , official says . '' incredibly sad '' horrifying 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.8
sad but brings back memories of ink-stained hands reading her column . what a life . nytimes : dear abby dies at 94 	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94 	3.2
in desert outposts , border agents keep watch #elpaso #elchuco #lafrontera #mexico 	at remote outposts , border agents sift for clues 	3
the closest i 'll every get to hollywood : #greenfashion on the red carpet 	iht rendezvous : green fashion on the red carpet 	2
again : nytimes : 787 jet leaks fuel during safety test 	japan airlines says 787 jet leaked fuel during safety test 	4
some daily on daily crime right here . mt : on filib . reform?unintelligible : 	bipartisan filibuster deal is taking shape in senate 	0.6
north korea?s missile movements worry u.s. thom shanker and david e. sanger 	movement of missiles by north korea worries u.s. 	3.8
we are excited to see what happens !! ? south park ? creators start `` important studios '' #southpark 	? south park ? creators to start company , important studios 	3.8
cnn : helicopter crash rains debris on london street 	helicopter crashes in london rush hour 	3.6
online prodigy aaron swartz commits suicide god why ? 	online activist aaron swartz commits suicide 	4.2
is studio 54 like the '60s - if u can remember it , u were n't really there ? selling some old sparkle fr studio 54 : 	studio 54 memorabilia to be sold at auction 	2.6
the climate is changing , not in the distant future , but now : 	an alarm in the offing on climate change 	2
extreme weather : expect the unexpected 	extreme weather grows in frequency and intensity around world 	2.6
ada bryant and robert haire you go girl !! 	ada bryant , robert haire ? weddings 	2.4
nyt on aaron swartz : a data crusader , a defendant and now , a cause 	aaron swartz , a data crusader and now , a cause 	4.2
ignore the headline : more than 220 ... click on the link for updated via cnn . we 're seeing the numbers climb higher ... 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	0.8
i 'm regretful that it has to come to this for some . 	tibetan sets himself on fire to protest chinese rule 	0
scaryyyyy ... questioning greek growth 	world : green questions about greek growth 	3.8
tragic news : a data crusader , a defendant and now , a cause 	aaron swartz , a data crusader and now , a cause 	3.6
you better believe in climate change , it 's real ! @ federal report sees big u.s. impacts from global warming 	dot earth blog : draft federal report sees big u.s. impacts from global warming 	4.2
: popular gun nut * shot dead in own home , nra thinks he needed more guns 	producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot 	2.8
this is so sad `` : 245 people killed in brazil nightclub fire , police tell state news agency . '' 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.6
former australian pm says `` i went after guns . obama can , too . '' 	op-ed contributor : australia banned assault weapons . america can , too . 	3.4
nytimes : diderot , an american exemplar ? bien sûr ! a free thinker 	op-ed contributor : diderot , an american exemplar ? bien s?r 	4.25
good grief ! charlie brown voice actor charged - #law #legal 	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged 	4.6
sl putting a number on smoking 's toll 	well : long term effects on life expectancy from smoking 	3.4
is it a coincidence the most miss america 's come from the south ? 	op-ed contributor : racial politics and miss america 	2.6
britain teeters toward triple-dip recession cnnmoney 	britain risks new recession 	3.4
million man march ; promises to bring change in bleeding pakistan - #tahirulqadri # 14jan 	` million man march ' promises to paralyze pakistani capital 	1.8
america , the saudi arabia of tomorrow - good luck saudi : ) 	america , saudi arabia of tomorrow 	4.4
french twitter case involving the identities behind racist comments is only latest skirmish over internet speech 	twitter ordered to help reveal sources of anti-semitic posts 	3
`` not all smoothies are created equal ! '' 	9 calorie bombs at restaurants 	0.6
us hospitals turn away visitors with flu symptoms - nyt 	hospitals place restrictions on visitors of flu patients 	3.2
nytimes : 232 dead as fire sweeps through nightclub in brazil ( locked security doors and band pyrotechnics ) 	scores dead as fire sweeps through nightclub in brazil 	3.6
v?a supreme court hears argument on the f.c.c. ? s authority to rule on cellphone towers 	supreme court hears argument on cellphone towers 	3.8
iht : xiao shu , former journalist at southern weekend , gives insider take on iron grip of censorship . 	op-ed contributor : dim hopes for a free press in china 	1.4
#wtf it happened again . police : 7 men gang rape bus passenger in #india - 	six arrested over new gang-rape on bus 	2.6
#youth : the wants to know : `` does #facebook ever make you feel l-o-u-s-y ? '' share here 	the learning network blog : student opinion | does facebook ever make you feel bad ? 	3.8
da cnn : ' at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire update ' 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3
horse meat discovered in hamburgers meat in uk and ireland 	horsemeat found in hamburgers in britain and ireland 	4.8
dear abby , dies at 94 . dear abby : are birth control pills deductible ? bertie dear bertie : only if they don?t work . 	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94 	2.8
jared diamond book worth reading ? `` the world until yesterday '' 	? the world until yesterday , ? by jared diamond 	3.8
#socialmedia makes folks more honest , says #cornell prof #facebook #linkedin 	social media make us more honest 	4.4
world 's best white-water rafting ? geekkenya 	world 's best place for water rafting ? 	3.2
casey anthony has two of her four convictions thrown out . 	casey anthony convictions thrown out 	3.4
workers being seen as just a cost ... we all build this society and will get what we pay for 	opinionator | the great divide : the rise of the permanent temp economy 	0.75
on the need for humanity in online learning . 	online courses need human element to educate 	3.8
weird , just the voice ? '' : voice of charlie brown arrested , charged . '' 	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged 	4
opinionator : misconceptions ( linda greenhouse ) 	opinionator : misconceptions about roe v. wade 	2.6
frum : u.s. gun problem is not a race problem ( must read ) 	america 's gun problem is not a race problem 	4.4
free speech is a basic democratic right except in france #twitter 	twitter ordered to help reveal sources of anti-semitic posts 	0.2
goed initiatief , inkomen op kwaliteit en niet op verrichtingen #new york city ties doctors ? income to quality of care 	new york city hospitals to tie doctors ? performance pay to quality measures 	2.8
art meets technology before tragedy : photog taryn simon & computer genius aaron swartz create a project , via ny times 	the 6th floor blog : taryn simon and aaron swartz 's experiment with images 	3
wow , what a story : in the subways , a voice to stir the soul 	in the subways , geechee dan?s voice stirs the soul 	4
microsoft 's windows 8 sales are ok , not great 	microsoft 's windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough 	3.4
death is bad enough : 	your money : a shocking death , a financial lesson and help for others 	0.2
`` husbands of hollywood '' ?? gender-flipped satire of reality tv ... & subtle commentary on limited options for black actors . 	critic?s notebook : ? real husbands of hollywood ? and lack of black male leads 	3.8
president hillary ! there are few things i would like more ! 	president hillary clinton ? if she wants it 	1.8
nyt , `` mouse study discovers dna that controls -lsb- burrowing -rsb- behavior -lsb- and whether escape tunnels are made -rsb- '' 	mouse study discovers dna that controls behavior 	3.2
'' : social media making us more honest ? talks to '' 	social media make us more honest 	4.4
thinking about how we can calm down our civic discourse . labels are powerful . 	opinionator | the stone : what is a ` hacktivist ' ? 	0
public takes its shots at armstrong -- what do you guys think of armstrong 's doping ? 	public lashes out at armstrong 	4
after u.s. threat , north korea turns ire on south #military #skorea #nkorea #us #politics 	after threats against u.s. , north korea turns ire to south 	4
sen. feinstein announces bill to limit semiautomatic weapons : 	senator unveils bill to limit semiautomatic arms 	3.4
nytimes : victory for anthony and for knicks 	win for anthony and for knicks 	4.8
the mexican gun-tablet exchange ... 	video shows fiery copter wreckage 	0
from : cond ? nast writer deals stir dispute #condenast 	cond ? nast contracts cut author?s share in film deals 	3.4
fires threaten parts of australia - 	photos : fires across australia 	2.8
feel good morning read ! :) note on a napkin , ` this meal is on us ' - 	note on napkin : ` this meal is on us ' 	3.8
exercise can boost flu shot?s potency #flushot #exercise #health 	exercise can boost flu shot 's potency 	4.8
the telecom industry just took away our rights . as of today , it 's illegal to choose a different cellphone carrier 	bits blog : a right to unlock cellphones fades away 	3.6
awesome ! #republicans ca n't win on their ideas so they will change the rules !? 	some gop-led states look at electoral vote changes 	0.8
77 % of americans use search to find diagnosis . ? : turning to the web for a medical advice ? 	well : turning to the web for a medical diagnosis 	3.2
the tricks of moving from wall street to tech #dealbook 	dealbook : moving from wall street to the tech sector proves tricky 	4.2
should babies be left to `` cry it out ? '' ... 	should babies just ` cry it out ' ? 	4.6
interesting perspective on #broncos playcalling - 	the cautious calls of john fox 	2
rivals watch as shell 's #arctic drilling hopes hit snags . $ rds.a #alaska #keystonexl #oil #politics 	rivals watch travails of shell arctic drilling 	3.6
russian military ordered to switch to socks i learned something new today !!! 	at war blog : russian military ordered to switch portyanki for socks 	4
justice clarence thomas breaks his silence nytimes or the onion article ? ca n't tell 	justice thomas breaks his silence in court 	4.2
interesting article . asap yams , partner to hip-hop 's asap rocky 	asap yams , partner to hip-hop ? s asap rocky 	4
they were so young :( #santamaria #tragedyinthenightclub 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	2.2
an architect is building a mobius band house with a 3d printer . i knew those things would come in handy . 	architect to build home using 3-d printer 	3.8
thewritinggenie supernatural tales : manuel gonzales talks about ` the miniature wife ' : mr. gonzales 's first colle ... 	artsbeat : q. and a. : manuel gonzales on his story collection ` the miniature wife ' 	3.8
philly high schoolers , join the conversation . : would you feel safer with armed guards in your school ? 	the learning network blog : student opinion | would you feel safer with armed guards patrolling your school ? 	3.8
some good news for a change more lives being saved - cancer death rates drop 20 % ... 	more lives being saved : cancer death rates drop 20 % 	4.8
apparently a suicide 	aaron swartz , internet activist , dies at 26 	0.4
this is an inspiring exhibition . the way to the future . ? making room ? in the city 	weekend miser : ? making room , ? at museum of the city of new york 	3.4
jeanne vertefeuille , who played a key role in unmasking infamous spy aldrich ames , died recently . 	jeanne vertefeuille dies , 80 ; helped catch aldrich ames 	3.8
wait , what ?! - ` universal background checks ' defined 	` universal background check ' : what does it mean ? 	5
our economic pickle : america 's productivity climbs , but wages stagnate 	news analysis : america?s productivity climbs , but wages stagnate 	4.6
weak protection laws for domestic workers : saudi execution : brutal , inhuman and illegal ? - cnn #p2 #p21 #tcot #ccot 	beheading : inhuman and illegal ? 	2.8
reading : how to get america online via 	op-ed contributor : how to get high-speed internet to all americans 	2.4
new york times top public relations exec to depart 	times communications executive is leaving 	3.8
what 's so wrong with researching it ? what we do n't know is killing us 	editorial : what we don?t know is killing us 	3.8
benjamin millepied to take over paris opera ballet , with all the details : 	benjamin millepied to be paris opera ballet director 	4.4
#java compromised take necessary action 	critical java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch 	2.4
#morsi : `` nurse our children and our grandchildren on hatred for them : for zionists , for jews '' 	morsi says slurs of jews were taken out of context 	2.2
nytimes : armstrong , a confession without explanation-the most sophisticated , organized and professionalized ? in history 	for armstrong , a confession without explanation 	4
lean in sisters ... nytimes : she 's ( rarely ) the boss 	op-ed columnist : she?s ( rarely ) the boss 	3.8
pakistan bomb victims ' families end protest 	pakistan bomb victims to be buried after protest ends 	2.6
this could play out very interesting ... 	some gop-led states look at electoral vote changes 	0
senator schumer says he will vote for chuck hagel for secretary of defense good news ! 	schumer says he?s satisfied with hagel on mideast 	2
this man can sing better than some big names who will be at the grammy awards geechee dan plays the 42nd street subway 	n.y. / region : geechie dan plays the 42nd street subway 	2.4
security firm discovers cyber-spy campaign #itsecurity #cyberspy 	bits blog : security firm discovers global spy campaign 	3.8
great ny times article : `` : `` : a saint in his city : archie manning in #neworleans 	a saint in his city : archie manning in new orleans 	4.4
great article & comments on what biz owners face trying to figure out how to choose the right bank . 	staying alive : why i 'm looking for a new bank 	1.8
put up your nukes -lsb- dukes -rsb- ! `` north korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against u.s. '' jacques 	n. korea makes new threats against u.s. 	2
calorie bomb disasters on the menu 	9 calorie bombs at restaurants 	3
icymi : `` as disabled athletes compete , questions of logistics '' 	disabled athletes suit up , raising questions of logistics and fairness 	3.75
if uv not seen #crazy #love , u should . nytimes : linda riss #pugach , whose life was ripped from headlines , dies at 75 	linda riss pugach , 1937-2013 : linda riss pugach , whose life was ripped from headlines , dies at 75 	4.4
question is : does this mean civil war ? probably not . but still not a good situation #iraq 	sunni sheikh to al-maliki : hand over soldiers behind shootings or ` face losses ' 	0.6
could n't agree more with the facts here : 	opinionator : india is losing the race 	0
interesting article for parents who support their college kids : parents ? financial support may not help college grades 	parents ? financial support linked to college grades 	3.2
new york 's cuomo signs gun control bill . 1 down 49 to go ! 	new york to pass first gun control bill since newtown shooting 	3.4
synthax_terror 2 : : more than 800 nyc rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes 	more than 800 nyc rape cases reviewed for mistakes 	4.2
wtf india ?!! this has got to stop . 	six arrested over new gang-rape on bus 	0.8
cnn soccer 's ` bounty hunter ' takes on fifa : a leading football agent fined by fifa for using social media has ta ... 	` bounty hunter ' battles fifa on facebook 	3.6
dey stay preppin ' ... the preppers next door 	the doomsday preppers of new york 	2
family uses pot to manage son 's autism ... wow 	boy given pot to manage his autism 	5
`` long island : ` attack of the bloodsuckers ! ' at the long island children 's museum '' if you want to scare leo 	arts | long island : ? attack of the bloodsuckers !? at the long island children?s museum 	4.2
a must read . my amazing friend cynthis schneider has done it again , bravo 	opinion : u.s gets it wrong on egypt , again 	0
why the net grieves aaron swartz - the innovator who embodied what 's best about the net . 	why world grieves aaron swartz 	3.2
female directors gain ground , slowly the storyteller?s gender matters . 	female film directors slowly gain ground 	3.8
wtf ?? '' '' : at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire update : '' 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.2
#cosmos unveil plan for #soccer stadium near #belmontpark #nys #ny #longisland #econdev 	cosmos unveil plan for soccer stadium near belmont park 	4.4
theme ? ppl trying to sell stuff that 's not theirs ... cc : #joydivision #music 	lives : we were joy division 	0.2
nytimes : smartphones become life?s remote control -- amazing 	smartphones can now run consumers ? lives 	3.6
breaks my heart '' : 245 people killed in brazil nightclub fire , police tell state news agency . '' 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.2
op-ed - why we must help save #mali #africa #helpmali 	op-ed contributor : why we must help save mali 	4.8
omg . at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.4
another gangrape in india ! wtf ! :( 7 men gang rape bus passenger in india - 	six arrested over new gang-rape on bus 	3.2
social media can be a friend or foe but it does n't raise your iq - - police : youtube videos lead to pot bust 	police : youtube leads to pot bust 	3.4
he 's dead ! ? : venezuela says hugo chavez 's condition is improving ? 	venezuela : chavez is improving 	3.8
nytimes : tunisian style baked cauliflower frittata 	recipes for health : tunisian style baked cauliflower frittata ? recipes for health 	4.4
salivating ! ? : exotic culinary tours from around world ? 	exotic culinary tours around the world 	4.4
`` still own a livestrong bracelet ? tell us about it . '' ( cnn ) 	cycling : armstrong apologizes to staff 	1.2
leave it to a lawyer from #lakechuck to get justice thomas to break his silence . 	clarence thomas breaks silence on bench 	3
#coder #outsources own job to #china for a #profit , gets fired . 	u.s. man outsources job to china , surfs cat videos 	2.2
africa : the top 5 stories of the week are ... - 	africa 's top 5 stories this week 	5
awkward ! notre dame linebacker says he is hoax victim 	notre dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax 	4.8
when pills fail , this option provides a cure for c-diff 	disgusting , maybe , but treatment works , study finds 	1.8
dear abby , we miss you already . how fortunate you are to have margalit fox write your obit ! `` dear abby , dies at 94 '' 	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94 	3.8
a data crusader , a defendant and now , a cause #aaronswartz #mitfail #badbranding 	aaron swartz , a data crusader and now , a cause 	4.6
how an all-american hero fell to earth - . ( where have all the real heroes gone ? ) 	how all-american hero fell to earth 	4.2
tibetan man sets himself on fire in protest . again . 	tibetan sets himself on fire to protest chinese rule 	3.2
more accurate ( albeit less catchy ) title would be `` india is 2nd place '' not `` losing '' , but still interesting : 	opinionator : india is losing the race 	2.2
awesome jeanne vertefuille told to take a secretarial course by c.i.a . she helped catch a notorious spy , dies at 80 	jeanne vertefeuille dies , 80 ; helped catch aldrich ames 	3.8
in awe of the courageous russian lgbt rights advocates nytimes : ` propaganda ' by gays faces russian curbs amid unrest 	? propaganda ? by gays faces russian curbs amid unrest 	3.6
families of #newtown victims look for answers on #gun violence #nra 	families of newtown school massacre victims organize against gun violence 	3
really ? man says he 's ` certain ' where hoffa is buried 	man convicted in mob crimes says he 's ` certain ' where hoffa is buried 	4
nytimes : how to get america online - excellent op-ed by on regulating the big isps 	op-ed contributor : how to get high-speed internet to all americans 	1.4
time to ban nighclubs . 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	1.2
` here is what happens when you cast lindsey #lohan in a movie ' & get unlimited on-set access : superb journalism . 	here is what happens when you cast lindsay lohan in your movie 	3
north korea turns its ire on the south #north #south #korea #un #sanctions #war #r2ph 	north korea turns its ire on south korea 	4.6
in complete shock ! catholic hospital argues fetus not a person 	catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person 	4.2
armstrong 's confess ruined all the cancer survivors and cycling fans who thought his fairy-tale story was true . 	for armstrong , a confession without explanation 	2.4
this is what happened in brazil if you do n't know x 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	1.2
although truth is a the higher standard ... : readers sue lance armstrong for book refund after doping admission 	readers sue armstrong for book refund 	4.2
nyt story on grounding of boeing 787s 	f.a.a. orders grounding of u.s.-operated boeing 787s 	3.2
aww ? : britney spears calls off engagement ? 	britney spears , jason trawick call off engagement 	4.4
the top baby names of 2013 - ( gee , my name is not on there ;o) ) ) ) 	parenting.com 's top baby names 	1.4
this should n't be the problem that it is . ready-set-go . nytimes : as disabled athletes compete , questions of logistics 	disabled athletes suit up , raising questions of logistics and fairness 	3.2
damn smh '' : death toll climbs to 220 in brazil nightclub fire , official says . '' 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.2
could it be good ? sounds intriguing ... abc to look at ` star wars ' live-action tv series - 	abc to look at ` star wars ' live-action series 	4
online courses still need a human element ... 	online courses need human element to educate 	4.6
gun ban argument continues but will it really solve anything except to disarm the innocent ? #pols1101 	` enough is enough , ' feinstein says in proposing new gun ban 	1.8
the history of temp agencies : using the sexism of the '60s to expand `` right under the noses of powerful labor unions . '' 	opinionator | the great divide : the rise of the permanent temp economy 	1
great hire by robert wolf and his new firm austan goolsbee is a great guy 	robert wolf said to hire goolsbee as adviser for his firm 	3.2
amen ! '' : good news ... . my shero robin roberts plans february return to ` good morning america ' '' 	media decoder blog : robin roberts plans february return to ` gma ' 	4.2
who stole precious relics from mo. church ? 	who stole precious relics from church in missouri town ? 	5
firefly : 2015 is happening ... . as a nasa mining vessel . #fireflyreturnskinda 	` fireflies ' to scope out space rocks for mining 	2.2
algerian field strike retaliation over mali , reports say - 	briton killed in algerian gas field attack 	1
i wish i could be this man #paultheroux my #travel wish list via 	paul theroux?s travel wish list 	3.6
40 miles to work , on a bike : -- incredible ! 	commuting 40 miles to work on a bike , with thermals and fleece 	4.2
oh so clever , weighs in on #obesity fight 	coca-cola weighs in on obesity fight 	2.4
the entrusted muslim brotherhood 	egypt deploys troops to suez to quell ` out of control ' clashes 	0
i need a ` stop day ' in my life . #cnn 	the importance of a ` stop day ' 	2.8
great piece by `` the gruesome toll of deadly #clusterbombs in syria '' - 	gruesome toll of cluster bombs 	3.4
illuminating jewish life in a muslim empire via talmud blog 	documents illuminate jewish life in ancient muslim empire 	3.4
highlights from katie couric 's interview with manti te'o 	the lede blog : updates on the katie couric interview with manti te'o 	4.6
apps to help you ski : via ny times 	app smart : apps helps skiers get more out of the slopes - app smart 	2.8
we mourned the loss of an open access advocate this past weekend ~ a data crusader , a defendant and now , a cause 	aaron swartz , a data crusader and now , a cause 	2.4
nsfw ? : best obit opening i 've read in a long time . dear abby dies at 94 ? 	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94 	2.8
taking foodie culture maybe a bit too far ... the unaffordable luxury of food 	big city : new generation confronts unaffordable luxury of food 	2.6
i 'd like to read this . mt : interview with dl weiss , who put her child on a diet and wrote about it . 	motherlode blog : an interview with dara-lynn weiss , who put her 7-year-old on a diet , and wrote a book about it . 	4.4
nyt botches description of `` crushed beer can '' fiasco in mostly v. good piece on shell 's arctic troubles 	rivals watch travails of shell arctic drilling 	0.6
the preppers next door who wants to join my group ? 	the doomsday preppers of new york 	1.8
driven by a need to compete or remorse ? armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify 	armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify against cycling officials 	3.4
sheriff : i wo n't enforce obama 's gun laws . good for him . 	sheriff wo n't enforce ` unconstitutional ' gun laws 	3.8
love this -- forms at the doctor 's office just got fun - 	forms at the doctor 's just got fun 	4.8
dreamliner battery studied by ntsb ( via instapaper ) 	nothing ruled out as ntsb studies dreamliner battery 	3
setting the bar , good move ! `` wal-mart plans to hire any veteran who wants a job '' 	wal-mart to announce extensive plan to hire veterans 	4
nytimes : apple may be big , but it is n't a bellwether ( my column ) 	strategies : apple stock isn?t a bellwether , even if it?s big 	4.2
schrecklich ! 😢 `` : at least 90 killed in brazil nightclub fire '' 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	2.8
fortunes of facebook may hinge on search - is this the big reveal ? 	fortunes of facebook may hinge on searches 	4
what is the price of insulting the #king in #thailand ? 10 years in #prison for #activist somyot pruksakasemsuk 	activist gets 10 years for king insult 	3.2
sheriff : i wo n't enforce obama 's gun laws he 's 1 black guy , they r us laws & calm the fuck down #overparanoia & racism 	sheriff wo n't enforce ` unconstitutional ' gun laws 	2.2
mining electronic records for health data may greatly benefit medical research , not necessarily reduce costs of care 	mining electronic records for revealing health data 	2.2
nytimes : ? mad men ? set to return on april 7 . excellent news . 	artsbeat : ` mad men ' set to return on april 7 	4.6
greek fm : small chance greece leaves eu 	greek fm : small chance of euro exit 	4.6
` dad , it 's only my books i am friends with . ' #malala #womenonthefrontline 	the front lines in fight for women 	1.4
lovely tribute , her responses to readers ' qtns priceless . read bacon frying and you could move . dear abby dies at 94 	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94 	3.8
which country has most economic freedom ? #economy #economics 	country with freest economy is ... 	4.6
' 4-hour ' work guru on china outsourcer : bad karma - cnn international 	' 4-hour ' work guru on outsourcer 	3.6
part 4 : answers to your questions about the #fafsa #finaid #scchat 	the choice blog : part 4 : answers to your questions about the fafsa 	4.6
chilling fact that the biggest safety concern for women serving in military is risk of sexual attack from comrades . 	op-ed columnist : military women and the front lines 	1.75
finally a little respect for vets ! wal-mart plans to hire any veteran who wants a job 	wal-mart to announce extensive plan to hire veterans 	4
'' : breaking : 250 killed , 200 more injured in brazil nightclub inferno . '' crazy 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3
`` pray for me '' . defense secretary panetta in audience with pope 	defense secretary leon panetta meets pope 	3.2
john cale in paris and along the borderline . #music 	q. and a. : with john cale in paris and along the borderline 	4.4
an rising star on london 's thespian scene tells his story of - being bin laden 	op-ed contributor : i played osama bin laden in ? zero dark thirty ? 	2.8
casting : lindsay lohan , careening debt and porn stars . what could go wrong ? what happens when you hire ll . 	here is what happens when you cast lindsay lohan in your movie 	2.6
saudis monsters try to defend sri lankan maid 's execution #p2 #tcot 	saudis defend maid 's beheading 	4
he nvr gives vision wo provision & he 'll use whoevr2bring it?winfrey 's lowrated cable channel is poised 2 break through 	winfrey?s low-rated cable channel is poised to break through 	3.8
a must read ! by ! how #turkey can make peace with the #kurds 	op-ed contributor : how turkey can make peace with the kurds 	4.2
lovely piece in the nyt on a 40-year marriage , and how their gay son?s struggle became a unifier 	making it last : conservative meets liberal , and 40-year marriage begins 	2.25
what exactly is going on in mali ? @ 	french say airstrikes in mali ? blocked ? rebel advance 	1.6
gabby and mark : the new bradys of gun control #tgdn libs play dirty as norm 	the new ` bradys ' of gun control ? 	3.4
nra 's video game smacks of hypocrisy #nra #guncontrol 	nra 's video game hypocrisy 	4.6
frum : #us . #gun problem is not a race problem 	america 's gun problem is not a race problem 	4.6
all from a kid starting an online petition . nytimes : pepsico will halt use of additive in gatorade 	gatorade listens to a teen and changes its formula 	4.2
al pacino to play joe paterno in brian de palma 's tentatively entitled film `` happy valley '' #sportsbiz 	pacino to play paterno in film 	3.6
source say at least 150 '' : at least 90 killed in brazilian nightclub fire , officials say . '' 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.6
nytimes : debunking darwin . was he wrong about dating ? #sex #gender 	opinion : darwin was wrong about dating 	3.8
from the she owns it business group ... more thoughts on growing your business -- and helping employees 	you 're the boss blog : more thoughts on growing your business - and helping employees 	3.6
well , at least we know the slides work now . 	boeing 787s are grounded by japanese airlines 	0
nytimes : what we do n't know is killing us - could n't agree more ! e.g. , research on ipv homicides & guns is critical . 	editorial : what we don?t know is killing us 	3.4
bho gun proposal 2 look beyond mass shootings in taking steps to completely disarm americans so that only elites prtctd 	obama gun proposal to look beyond mass shootings 	2.6
the deadly toll of cluster bombs in #syria 	gruesome toll of cluster bombs 	3
! pay it forward - note on a napkin , ` this meal is on us ' - 	note on napkin : ` this meal is on us ' 	4.4
jacqui weaver tells the ny times : ? i do have friends in australia who now refer to me as ? hollywood jack ?? 	jacki weaver and the lord of greenwich village 	1
flowers in winter ? camellias are some of my favorite prerennials . 	in the garden : camellias ready for a cold snap 	1.8
go #obama . obama calls for broad action on guns 	obama to ask congress to toughen gun laws 	4.2
is #pakistan becoming '' #southasia 's #dreamliner '' ? - official refuses order to arrest prime minister ashraf 	pakistani official refuses order to arrest prime minister 	4.2
google gains from creating apps for the #iphone #healthit #hcsm 	google gains from creating apps for the opposition 	4
i was definitely spending it on obscure sheet music and concert tickest . #misspentyouth 	big city : new generation confronts unaffordable luxury of food 	0
a generation gap ? not on this web site ( harvard business school ) 	a 20-something ? s web site for women over 40 	1
eddie huang in the ny times . i vibe this dude so hard 	eddie huang defies description 	1.6
rangel : more equal military ? bring back draft #deployment #usaf #military 	a more equal military ? bring back draft 	3.8
france confronts mali jihadists 	france vows to halt mali jihadists 	3.4
the amount of organizations and clubs at #college is overwhelming ! choose carefully before dedicating your time : 	the choice blog : lessons from a college student : finding your fit on campus 	3
lol . . errm . . `` test '' on the u.s. of a. ? #damn ! : north korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against u.s. : ? 	n. korea makes new threats against u.s. 	3
#morsi ? s slurs against #jews stir concern does any one in #obama 's administration know how to read #english ? 	morsi?s slurs against jews stir concern 	3.6
`` vine is twitter 's attempt to be the instagram of video , '' form a nerdier sentence . do n't try ! its impossible ! 	vine is twitter 's attempt to become the ` instagram of video ' 	4
mark sanford , the ex-governor of south carolina & `` hiking the appalachian trail '' , to run for congress 	sanford , ex-governor of south carolina , to run for congress 	4
where to go in 2013 by ! offers insightful explorations to most of these ! 	the 46 places to go in 2013 	3.2
peter is not in the top ten but mo , bertie and gus are ? : `` the top baby names of 2013 '' 	parenting.com 's top baby names 	1.6
nytimes : #queens #school is locked down after #gun is found in 7-year-old ? s backpack is there no end ? 	gun found in 7-year-old ? s backpack at queens school 	4
what choo talkin ' bout mr. d. ... rip conrad bain , father on ? diff?rent strokes ? , dies at 89 	conrad bain , actor on ? diff?rent strokes , ? dies at 89 	4.6
facebook unveils new search tool : 	bits blog : facebook unveils a new search tool 	4.8
#gunreform for a generation 	editorial : president obama?s plan for gun reform 	2.2
is it me , or is the main ingredient in coke sugar ? in ads , coke confronts soda?s link to obesity 	coke tv ads confront obesity and soda?s role 	3.8
excellent analysis of the housing market recovery - housing offers hope of strength in the economy 	high & low finance : signs of a housing recovery point to a stronger economy 	4.2
williams starts fast , but pace suits rockets 	williams starts strong , but nets don?t follow in loss to rockets 	3.6
quebra tudo !!! j.j. abrams to direct next ` star wars ' movie 	j.j. abrams to direct next ` star wars ' movie 	4.8
wow : announcing plan to hire every veteran who wants a job - w a few conditions . they anticipate 100k + hires : 	wal-mart to announce extensive plan to hire veterans 	2.8
in britain , basketball can be a tough sellwhy would brits get excited bout pro bb , they got `` football `` 2 keep them bored . 	in britain , basketball is somewhat of a tough sell 	3.6
at least 90 killed in brazil nightclub fire '' kropp left that country in the nick of time . 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	2.8
dutch automat returning zing to dutch cooking 	putting spice into dutch cooking 	3.4
man held after subway attack in philadelphia omg ! 	man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in philadelphia 	3
who decides the laws of war ? it belongs in civilian courts . 	news analysis : military tribunals and international war crimes 	1
former alaska gov sarah palin is no long a commentator for fox news 	fox news and sarah palin part ways 	4.4
new york lawmakers agreed on changes to gun laws ills 	new york legislators hope for speedy vote on new gun laws 	2.4
lance armstrong -lsb- finally -rsb- admits doping , says he will testify 	armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify against cycling officials 	4
hong kong takes the internet speed title with 54.1 mbps . 	hong kong takes internet speed title 	3.8
where is justice ? ` they ran him over because he was black ' 	victim 's son : it was a hate crime 	1.2
reflects on doctors who take time off & then start seeing patients again . 	doctor and patient : when the doctor returns to doctoring 	3
sheen wants to return to ' 2.5 men ' but has his past image ruined that ? #coepr205 	sheen wants to return to ` two and a half men ' 	3.8
good read : challenges for women in india : 	challenges of being woman in india 	4.2
nytimes : richard g. stern , writers ? writer , dies at 84 big loss 	richard g. stern , a writers ? writer , is dead at 84 	4
fantastic read from on imprtnce of narratives : '' ... stories , not algorithms , give order to our hectic world . '' 	opinion : tv , the thinking person?s entertainment of choice 	0
`` 2012 : the year of extreme #weather '' : #climatechange #drought #nationalclimateassessment #globalchangeresearch 	iht rendezvous : 2012 : the year of extreme weather 	4
la vision am?ricaine sur m.kaspersky est peu flatteuse security firm discovers cyber-spy campaign 	bits blog : security firm discovers global spy campaign 	3
sweet , sweet story . nytimes : a doll?s magic , free to renew 	a doll 's magic , free to renew 	3.8
a new housing boom ? do n't count on it - by robert j. shiller - 	a new housing boom ? don?t count on it 	4.6
'' ( uk fave ) `` mate , why do n't skip killing people night ? it 's too cold . '' - nyc murderers in last 9 days 	cold wave cut murders in new york city significantly 	3.2
take that texas . white house rejects petitions to secede , but texans fight on 	texas secession movement unbowed by white house rejection 	3.8
no deal on teacher 's union evaluations ; nyc risks losing $ 450 million 	new york city talks on teacher evaluations 	1.4
interesting perspective ... nytimes : a new housing boom ? do n't count on it 	a new housing boom ? don?t count on it 	4.2
battle behind china 's ` firewall ' 	working behind china 's ` great firewall ' 	3.75
nytimes : analysis of armstrong?s interview with winfrey it 's shame ( but we know it ) #congrutalionlance 	the lede blog : live updates on armstrong 's oprah interview 	3.6
too many s * tty men in india : another gang rape 	six arrested over new gang-rape on bus 	2.8
vodka is saving lives ! well , a puppy 's life ... 	booze saves puppy 's life 	4.2
jl #nyt : u.s. military stops sending some detainees to afghan custody #p2 #topprog 	u.s. military stops sending detainees to some afghan prisons on rights fears 	3
loving the street style from the #couture in #paris #fashion 	t magazine : street style from the couture in paris 	4
asked many people ( including yours truly ) if #lancearmstrong deserves another chance . interesting views 	give lance another chance ? 	3.2
travel photos that you wish you had taken - 	today 's photo : thai temple 	1.2
#pentagon to lift combat ban for women ... how about banning combat for men ?? 	pentagon lifting ban on women in combat 	3.2
doing good ( and burnishing images too ) #celebrity #charity 	the carpetbagger : doing good ( and burnishing images , too ) 	3.8
iran currency falls further on u.s pressure over banks transactions 	iran currency falls further on concerns over bank 	3.6
` kitty cams study found that four of the cats were two-timing their owners , ' and more in this cat story . 	well pets : holly the cat 's incredible journey 	2
union membership falls to 97-year low , 11.3 % . people will still find ways to blame them for everything . 	union membership drops despite job growth 	1.6
who spends so much money on food ? that 's so retarded :) the unaffordable luxury of food 	big city : new generation confronts unaffordable luxury of food 	1.8
sent from the cnn app for android at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.25
#google gains from creating apps for #iphone . google maps is # 1 #app . 	google gains from creating apps for the opposition 	3.2
get it together sun ( #oracle ) ! homeland security warns users to disable java . #cybersecurity 	disruptions : u.s. agency warns of java software problem 	3.4
unreal ? : if you have not heard of the acid attack on the bolshoi director . ? 	acid attack on russia ballet director 	3.4
tragic . my thoughts and prayers go out to all ... `` at least 220 killed in brazil nightclub fire '' 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.2
potentially explosive legal battle : catholic hospital argues fetus not a person 	catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person 	3.8
kyle stanley gained from pain of squandered lead at torrey pins : kyle stanley this week is back at torrey pines , ... 	kyle stanley gained from pain of squandered lead at torrey pines 	4
scarcity and financial decision-making . 	hanging on : in debt , and digging deeper to find relief 	2.2
holy crap ! :( `` 2 killed as helicopter crashes into crane in central london '' 	helicopter crashes in london rush hour 	3.6
u.s. single-malt #whiskey has arrived 	american single-malt whiskeys serve notice 	3.2
allergy-bullying ? apparently this is a real problem . 	allergy bullying : when food is a weapon 	3
world awaits oprah 's armstrong interview not me i 'm not watching 	world awaits oprah 's lance armstrong interview - but will it change anything ? 	3.6
homicide # 2 cause of death in 15-24-yr-olds in us - 4 out of 5 of these deaths from guns 	america flunks its health exam 	0
a library doll is loaned out to children : 	a doll 's magic , free to renew 	1.8
senate holds key to fixing washington - thanks for that insight ari #p2 #tcot 	senate key to fixing washington 	4.4
#cuba restricts travel for ` skilled ' people 	cuba limits travel for athletes , workers 	3
what is driving our growth in government spending #facts 	what is driving growth in government spending ? 	4
it 's a start ! kudos to this kid !!! pepsico will halt use of additive in gatorade 	gatorade listens to a teen and changes its formula 	3.8
obama-backed gun bills a long shot . `` this is one issue that me and the president happen to agree on . '' 	reform is a long shot in current congress 	0.4
beyond the media 's coverage of her emotions , #clinton put out good info : five things we learned from benghazi hearings 	5 things we learned from benghazi hearings 	3.6
2 #france : we 're not the pacifists you think 	why france is not pacifist nation 	4.2
change the rules = prez romney : `` : electoral college changes would pose danger 4 democrats '' 	fivethirtyeight : electoral college changes would pose danger for democrats 	3
as seen on tv ! ~ black and famous but out to pasture 	critic?s notebook : ? real husbands of hollywood ? and lack of black male leads 	0.6
: report : 650 hostages freed by algeria forces 	fear , confusion in algerian hostage crisis 	2
pray they 'll stay together for the right reasons - kobe bryant , wife calling off divorce - 	kobe bryant and wife call off divorce 	4.2
harrowing stories : broken limbs , torn lives in northern #mali 	broken limbs , torn lives in mali 	4.2
#nhl players begin voting on labor deal ; approval expected by saturday #abasal #antitrust 	slap shot : n.h.l. players begin voting on labor deal ; approval expected by saturday 	4.8
over 50 , and under no illusions over 50 ? invent yourself everyday ! 	how 5 older workers saw a chance to remake their careers 	1
the power of user reviews - wielded for good or evil ? nytimes : swarming a book online 	a casualty on the battlefield of amazon?s partisan book reviews 	0.6
cool stuff : 6 trends we saw at ces 2013 - 	6 trends from ces 2013 	4.6
at least 233 dead in brazilian nightclub fire . : ( 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.6
so sad news : 245 people killed in brazil nightclub fire . 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.8
ouch , possibly ? `` : nytimes : japan 's business culture hovers over boeing 's battery choice '' 	common sense : selection of the boeing 787 ? s battery maker raises questions 	2
what a loss of a great & inspirational mind ! internet activist , a creator of rss , is dead at 26 , apparently a suicide 	aaron swartz , internet activist , dies at 26 	3.4
it 's jail time , charlie brown 	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged 	3
at long last , the truth ... armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify 	armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify against cycling officials 	4.2
i am calling bs !!! nytimes : morsi says his slurs of jews were taken out of context 	morsi says slurs of jews were taken out of context 	4.2
if you 're a skier or snow-boarder , you 'll dig these : on snowy slopes , fingers glide down the touch screen . 	app smart : apps helps skiers get more out of the slopes - app smart 	1.2
david gergen says obama 's 2nd inaugural will deepen division . #didn ` tseeitcoming 	was obama 's historic speech divisive ? 	2.4
please read : 's piece on the gruesome toll of deadly cluster bombs in #syria : 	gruesome toll of cluster bombs 	3
#csis388_dave facebook disrupting online dating 	how facebook 's graph search could disrupt online dating 	3.6
u.s. steps up involvement in mallpp #pppj ## p #pl ### p ### p 	u.s. steps up involvement in mali 	4.2
i went after guns . obama can , too . one of the only things i would agree with howard on . 	op-ed contributor : australia banned assault weapons . america can , too . 	1.8
so wang lijun did build a surveillance network . - chinese party and business officials fired in sex scandal 	chinese officials fired over sex scandal 	3.4
nytimes : she 's ( rarely ) the boss smart , as usual 	op-ed columnist : she?s ( rarely ) the boss 	4
wow '' : at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire update : '' 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.4
hot #luxury news : japanese airlines suspend dreamliner flights after emergency land ? , see more 	japanese airlines suspend dreamliner flights after emergency landing 	4.6
everyone should read 's cnn column from today : 	america 's gun problem is not a race problem 	0
#breaking : #police clash with #protesters calling for dissolution of #pakistan 's government - 	police , protesters clash in pakistan 	4
mubarak goes to jail 	egypt 's hosni mubarak faces retrial 	1.2
honestly where are people 's rights being ruined in obama?s gun control proposal 	what?s in obama?s gun control proposal 	3.6
this is odd ! tsk ! - catholic hospital argues fetus not a person 	catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person 	4.2
great to have in the press pool to discuss his piece on the president 's push for gun control . 	biden meets with house democrats on gun-violence proposals 	2
the classic american fame and blame game . the point of lance 	op-ed columnist : the point of lance armstrong 	3.2
#djokovic sets sights on #paris party 	djokovic : 3 aussie wins in a row 	2.4
#pakistan 's premier intervenes in fire inquiry 	pakistan?s ashraf intervenes in fatal fire investigation 	4
kinship care & siblings : after #fostercare yrs , a woman becomes a role model for her sisters 	the neediest cases : after foster care , becoming a role model for her sisters 	4.4
looks like we could get something right 	gop balks at gun control proposals 	0
you should read this : the lifting of a veil , discreetly 	the tv watch : jodie foster lifts a veil at golden globes 	4
interesting piece ! being bin laden #films #zerodarkthirty 	op-ed contributor : i played osama bin laden in ? zero dark thirty ? 	3.2
u ds boi ehn '' : piers slams guest over ar-15s '' 	piers , guest clash over ar-15s 	4.2
bad tweet ( news ) of the day '' : for rape victims in india , police r often part of problem reports '' 	for rape victims in india , police are often part of the problem 	4.8
these law enforcers will stop at nothing 	movie review : ? gangster squad ? with sean penn , ryan gosling and emma stone 	0
populist without a backbone elected by popular vote supported by heavy media campaign #zeman #czechrepublic 	former prime minister is elected president of czech republic 	2.4
artley : getting 10 million twitter followers 	how to get 10 million followers on twitter 	4
hmmm she 's filing for bankruptcy . . 	casey anthony files for bankruptcy 	2.8
#mali need not be france?s afghanistan 	iht rendezvous : mali need not be france 's afghanistan 	4
war on evil ? war on sociopaths ? banning guns sounds like it will work a lot better than that war on drugs stuff . 	obama gun proposal to look beyond mass shootings 	1
be safe . i 've heard on the news about china 's air pollution that is terrible 	china allows media to report alarming air pollution crisis 	1.2
a heroic doctor returns to congo 	doctor returns to congo and is hailed as a hero 	4.4
nytimes : d. brainerd holmes , a leader in space race , dies at 91 	d. brainerd holmes , top nasa official , dies at 91 	3.6
179 republicans vote no ... house approves $ 50.7 billion in emergency aid for #sandy victims 	house approves $ 50.7 billion in emergency aid for storm victims 	3.8
nobel-winning economist on why we should care about #climate change . 	on the non-equivalence of greenhouse gases and entitlement spending 	1
nyt most emailed : pentagon set to lift ban on women in combat roles : the groundbreaking decision overturns a 199 ... 	pentagon lifting ban on women in combat 	4.4
it is laughable to believe the whole story , they never met ? image becomes a puzzle as theories on te?o swirl 	image of manti te?o becomes puzzle as theories swirl 	3
who 'd have thought an american hero could be a canadian ? nyt : man who sheltered americans in tehran , dies at 88 	john sheardown , canadian who sheltered americans in tehran , dies at 88 	3.6
` vampire diaries ' spinoff coming to the cw , it 's based in nola ! 	` vampire diaries ' spinoff pilot coming to the cw 	4.4
poor creature mt amid 2d-guessing , marine rescuers decide not to remove stricken dolphin from gowanus canal . 	the hard decision not to rescue an ailing dolphin 	3.6
cnn : egypt clashes : a stern egyptian court ruling tied to a soccer riot spurred clashes that left at least 30 pe ... 	egypt deploys troops to suez to quell ` out of control ' clashes 	0.8
lance armstrong quotes , pure gold 	lance 's classic quotes 	4
gas prices creep up a bit 	gas prices tick up slightly 	5
indian star ( sania mirza ) tells of life and marriage in media fishbowl 	straight sets : indian star tells of life and marriage in media fishbowl 	3.8
parent is defined as a point of origin . i 'm not done being the best parent i can be for ben . not by a very long measure 	families of newtown school massacre victims organize against gun violence 	0.8
new #facebook changes afoot - not to your profile ( phew ! ) - rather a new feature , #graphsearch . 	facebook introduces ` graph search ' 	3.4
parsing what jodie foster did ( and did n't ) say gotta be honest : i had not idea what she was saying . #goldenglobes 	the carpetbagger : parsing what jodie foster did ( and did n't say ) 	4
aaron swartz , internet activist and a creator of rss , is dead at 26 , apparently a suicide . 	aaron swartz , internet activist , dies at 26 	3.4
mt : ny health chief defends decision not to evacuate hospitals \ \ the importance of disaster om 	new york health chief defends decision not to evacuate hospitals 	4.6
a case when you might want to take someone else 's shit ... 	disgusting , maybe , but treatment works , study finds 	0
good article on the economics & culture that fuels pro cycling . nytimes : looking upstream in doping cases 	critics take a look upstream in doping scandals 	3.2
#wal - mart plans to hire any #veteran who wants a #job 	wal-mart to announce extensive plan to hire veterans 	4.4
awful way to go out ... '' : at least 220 killed in brazil nightclub fire '' 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.4
the importance of taking a day off 	the importance of a ` stop day ' 	4.4
care of the elderly : the opportunity of food is more than meals on wheels . 	study : more to meal delivery than food 	2
nytimes : talking , walking objects ( this is a fantasy world for geeky me ) 	opinion : our talking , walking objects 	3.6
i think a bunch of uci suits need to change their pants nytimes : armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify 	armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify against cycling officials 	4
what a dope ( r ) ... nytimes : armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify 	armstrong admits doping , and says he will testify against cycling officials 	4.2
` million man march ' threatens #pakistan capital - cnn , 	` million man march ' promises to paralyze pakistani capital 	4.2
this is gonna be fantastic for entertainment : 	? south park ? creators to start company , important studios 	0.2
'' : voice of charlie brown arrested , charged . '' please tell me he said good grief ... 	good grief ! charlie brown actor charged 	4.2
, is this anti-free speech new french law about twitter must identify racist , anti-semitic posters , via 	french court : twitter must identify racist users 	3
flu season is here , let 's clear something up : `` do i need a flu shot if i?ve had the flu ? '' 	ask well : do i need a flu shot if i 've had the flu ? 	4.6
kobe bryant , wife say they are calling off #divorce - 	kobe bryant and wife call off divorce 	5
inspiring article by chelsea clinton about volunteering this saturday - national day of service 	clinton : we can make a difference 	1.6
did you read the #opinionator the relationship between parents & teachers ? liza lee was interviewed . #edchat 	opinionator | schooling : the dicey parent-teacher duet 	3
mt design now rivals technology in importance 	disruptions : disruptions : design is driving technology forward 	2
uhhhh 10 reasons we ca n't get enough gosling yummie 	why we ca n't get enough gosling ( duh ! ) 	3.8
java vulnerability due to incomplete patch ( from ) 	critical java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch 	4.6
nytimes : great obit on dear abby . 	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94 	2.2
robots making us more competitive in manufacturing : 	robot makers spread global gospel of automation 	2.8
florida 's burmese python issue leads to snake killing contest . - ... 	florida tackling python problem with hunting contest 	4
homicide tracking site expanding to #chicago love it . great call & congrats 	media decoder blog : homicide tracking site expanding to chicago 	4.4
180 ! `` : at least 90 killed in brazil nightclub fire '' 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.4
are you better off `` playing for a tie '' in #investing : 	strategies : in investing , at least , it makes sense to play for a tie 	4
boost your flu shot response with exercise 	exercise can boost flu shot 's potency 	4.2
for obama?s new term , start here - nick kristof for nyt 	op-ed columnist : for obama?s second term , start here 	4
worst nightmare ! '' : at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire update : '' 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.4
anyone tried this ?? amazon giving you free mp3s your cds 	amazon giving you free mp3s of your cds 	4.4
damn , maybe i should n't be so sanguine about the london fog : 	helicopter crashes in london rush hour 	1
#nyc school bus drivers go on strike nyc school bus corruption & in some cases organized crime 	new york school bus drivers go on strike 	3
how about a path to #citizenship for those already caught crossing the #border ? #citizenship path in one fast push 	obama will seek citizenship path in one fast push 	2.8
good read . agree - mostly '' : parents ? financial support may not help college grades '' 	parents ? financial support linked to college grades 	3.6
j.j. abrams set to direct ? star wars : episode vii ? 	j.j. abrams to direct next ` star wars ' movie 	4.2
to face someone that already shot a student . . '' : i 'm no hero , says teacher who talked down armed student . '' 	teacher talks armed student into giving up , police say 	3.4
( ) brazil hosts largest fag parade in the world . #fagsdoomnations 245 people killed in brazil club fire . 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	1.6
tea party unhappy . fox news fires sarah #palin 	fox news and sarah palin part ways 	3.6
on point ... 5 wine words not to fear 	the pour : in describing wines , 5 words not to fear 	4.2
see also : nytimes : in quebec , a celebration on skis 	in quebec , a winter celebration on skis 	5
life begins at conception , unless cas is involved . 	catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person 	1.2
this would be a very , very bad idea dprk . north korea threatens south korea ove un sanctions : 	north korea turns its ire on south korea 	3.4
in n.a.a.c.p. , industry gets ally against soda ban hmmmmmmmm ... 	in court , n.a.a.c.p. adds voice against bloomberg?s soda ban 	3.4
about damn time !!! new york governor signs nation 's first gun-control bill since newtown - 	new york to pass first gun control bill since newtown shooting 	4.2
unemployment in #spain climbs again , with no relief in sight ... 	spanish joblessness climbs again , with no relief in sight 	5
timothy cook , apple?s ceo , said the pipeline of products was ? chock-full . ? ? we feel great about what we have in store ? 	apple?s profits are flat , and stock drops 	0.6
read that facebook has launched a new tool ( ) to search its huge database of social graph data . 	bits blog : facebook unveils a new search tool 	3.4
do n't know why i ca n't stop reading about him - a data crusader , a defendant and now , a cause 	aaron swartz , a data crusader and now , a cause 	4
i wish i could see this , it sounds cool ! second stage adds ` nobody loves you ' 	artsbeat : second stage theater adds ` nobody loves you ' 	3.8
nytimes : #lindarisspugach , whose life was ripped from headlines , dies at 75 #crazylove 	linda riss pugach , 1937-2013 : linda riss pugach , whose life was ripped from headlines , dies at 75 	4.4
3d version of ? top gun ? was rejected by #china 's censors . the line `` religion is darkness ' in `` life of pi '' gt the x too 	in hollywood movies for china , bureaucrats want a say 	1
. kobe just saved about $ 100 mil 	kobe bryant and wife call off divorce 	1.6
ny times communications executive bob christie is leaving . one of the industry 's few good spokespeople . 	times communications executive is leaving 	3.6
rip i have no words :( at least 245 killed in brazil nightclub fire - 	hundreds killed in brazil nightclub fire 	3.8
property values : what you get for ... $ 1.6 million 	property values : real estate for $ 1.6 million 	4.4
#twolves fans should read this piece on kg by in the nytimes 	either with him or against him 	0
india is a shockingly bad place to be a woman - how can it be so backwards ?? 	india?s new focus on rape shows only the surface of women?s perils 	2.6
be careful what you eat -- particularly at restaurants !!! 	9 calorie bombs at restaurants 	1
#britain 's prime minister defends decision to seek vote on #europeanunion 	u.k. prime minister defends decision to seek e.u. vote 	4.8
where in the world is àfrica ? selection of the boeing 787 's battery maker raises questions 	common sense : selection of the boeing 787 ? s battery maker raises questions 	4
women have ` taken their posts with such seamless calm that the country barely noticed . ' 	op-ed columnist : military women and the front lines 	2
justice thomas has n't said a single word in the supreme court in 7 years.he broke his silence.he said `` well he did not '' 	justice thomas breaks his silence in court 	3.8
kids ca n't trust anyone !! '' : 50 arrested in florida child sex sting - including several teachers : '' 	teachers among 50 arrested in child sex sting 	3.8
pentagon to lift combat ban 	pentagon ends ban on women in combat 	3.4
u.s. , other nations ground boeing dreamliners over fire risk ( cnn ) 	u.s. , other nations ground dreamliners 	3.6
i do n't normally agree with former pm john howard - but he is spot on about gun control in the us 	op-ed contributor : australia banned assault weapons . america can , too . 	1.25
need a rubber stamp of chairman mao or lady godiva on her horse ? ink pad in the w. village has got 'em . #nabejoint 	neighborhood joint | west village : 10,000 rubber stamps at ink pad in the west village 	3.2
he arts beat producer says james brown biopic is finally a go : the producers says he 's gotten the rights from th ... 	artsbeat : james brown biopic finally gets go ahead 	4.2
this is interesting - nytimes : parents ? financial support may not help college grades 	parents ? financial support linked to college grades 	3.6
ishikawa and wiratchant invited to augusta 	ryo ishikawa and thaworn wiratchant get invites to masters 	4.2
great idea '' : should make capital gains regressive over time , based upon how long capital invested #startupact '' 	are we living the capitalist 's dilemma ? 	2
pentagon breaking news , this going to be a big debate . 	pentagon to open combat jobs to women 	1.2
omo dey go tey : opinion : nigerians still waiting for their ` african spring ' sowore - 	nigeria waits for ` african spring ' 	3.8
not in my diet but hamburger eaters should be aware * horsemeat found in hamburgers in britain & ireland - 	horsemeat found in hamburgers in britain and ireland 	4.6
online internet aaron swartz commits suicide , relative says 	online activist aaron swartz commits suicide 	4.8
got a flu shot ? exercising can make it work even better . from 	exercise can boost flu shot 's potency 	4.2
for #armstrong it 's about rebuilding a revenue stream the same as always . #doprah 	for armstrong , a confession without explanation 	1
disruptions : design rivals technology in importance : nice quotes ! 	disruptions : disruptions : design is driving technology forward 	3.4
before there was dear sugar , there was deary abby : pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions , dies at 94 	pauline phillips , flinty adviser to millions as dear abby , dies at 94 	4
`` france is increasing security at sites in #niger and at home . '' #uranium #mali 	france is increasing security at uranium sites in niger 	4.6
on trial over the illegal use of sea unicorn parts : #dailywhale 	2 linked to smuggling narwhal tusks plead not guilty 	2.4
n. korea defiant on u.n. sanctions 	u.n. security council slams north korea , expands sanctions 	1.4
training tips from star athletes #motivation #fitness 	personal best : training insights from star athletes 	5
interesting article ! she 's ( rarely ) the boss 	op-ed columnist : she?s ( rarely ) the boss 	2.75
christensen : we are living capitalist 's dilemma 	are we living the capitalist 's dilemma ? 	3.25
the ginger in me loves that world 's # 1 bachelor is part of the #gingerfamily 	prince harry most eligible bachelor 	0.8
:-\ hmv gone into bankruptcy equivalent ... 	dealbook : british retailer hmv enters equivalent of bankruptcy 	4.2
really people ??? ? : readers sue lance armstrong for book refund after doping admission ? 	readers sue armstrong for book refund 	3
british woman sentenced to death in bali drug case 	british grandmother sentenced to death for smuggling cocaine into bali 	3.8
daily review : selected letters of william styron #review 	? selected letters of william styron ? 	4
